I initially purchased a Lenovo Yoga 730 (2 in-one laptop foldable into a tablet) but exchanged it for a MacBook Air due to the short battery life on the Lenovo. The MacBook Air was a huge upgrade over the Lenovo, but I was left missing a touch-screen. I found that I missed the tablet mode of the Lenovo and the convenience of a navigating a touch screen while sitting around in the living room. I became to research the IPad Pro and realized that not only is the iPad Pro immensely powerful, but that the upcoming iPad OS is going introduce features that will advance the usefulness of the iPad including introducing an improved file management system. Eventually, I let the MacBook Air shut down after draining the battery and it wouldn’t load MacOS again despite several attempts. On a whim, I returned the MacBook Air in exchange for the iPad Pro 12.9” (with keyboard cover and the pencil) and figured this was my chance to switch. As it turns out, the iPad Pro is a much better personal device for me than a MacBook Air and I think that you should watch some YouTube comparisons and reviews of iPad OS before making a final decision. So far, I’m realizing that the iPad Pro is more fun to use, has better battery life, and is better for conducting basic day-to-day tasks. Whatever issue I had with my MacBook Air is likely an isolated matter, so I’m still giving this product a “good” rating because it proved itself to be a great personal device; it’s beautifully designed, quiet, and keeps cool in your lap. Broken down as follows: Quality: Good, because it stopped working correctly shortly after ownership, but Best Buy’s return policy is great and so is Apple Customer Service. My issue was likely an isolated matter. Value: Average because you’re paying for the design and MacOS, but the processor has fallen behind the competition. Ease of Use: Excellent, it’s a Mac. I think that many shoppers are going to overlook the iPad Pro without realizing that the iPad is extremely capable and will fit your needs if you’re daring enough to leave behind a traditional desktop OS system. Try the iPad Pro if you’re willing to give iOS (and iPad OS once it comes out next month) a try, and if that doesn’t work just return it for the MacBook Air and hope that my issue isn’t pervasive. Less
The MacBook Pro (2019) is a perfectly built machine that is an absolute pleasure to look at, hold and use. It is meticulously designed and built from the outside in. There is a however though. The keyboard (which uses a hybrid keyboard switch type known as the "Butterfly Switch") is sort of plagued by its past with regards to how it doesn't tend to handle dust well. I can't report on the failures as of yet but I'd recommend having a wireless keyboard, especially if your device stays in a fixed area. Definitely keep it in a bag when you're not using it.Now, to the part that you'll be focusing on most... Macintosh OS. When you get the device, you should have MacOS Mojave installed. Updating to Catalina is a MUST. It is sooo good, in terms of its presentation with the Dark Mode and if you have an iPad there is Sidecar which allows you to use the iPad as a second screen. So worth it. In terms of the Operating System itself, it is great for people who love simplicity, and not so much those who loves 100% customization in terms of its configuration. It is great for document processing, creative tasks (design, photo editing, video editing etc.) but it tends to fall a bit behind for software development (then again, most people don't really use it for that).In conclusion, if you're new to the ecosystem, you'll love it. If you're moving to Mac from something else, you'll love the hardware of it and you might find yourself changing some bindings on the OS but that's OK. It is a feat of engineering in its build(besides the keyboard, to be completely honest) and the OS is absolutely stunning. If you're looking at one, go for it! ) Less
How do you interact with a computer? The keyboard and Mouse. Apple completely ruined a $2k computer with a keyboard that never stops failing, and make you contemplate curb stomping it just for the satisfaction with frustration it causes every waking minute you interact with this $2k machine.I purchased this MacBook at its starting price, $1800 in February, and on the third day the shift key starting sticking. Extremely annoying after spending $1800, but ok. Two months later, the space bar begins to stick, and 1/10 times you hit the key, it double, or triple spaces(this is extremely frustrating when most programs auto-period with second spaces), and now doesn't react another 1/10 touches. Now the L, H, backspace keys stick 6 months into the computer.1. This wasn't just one instance of the of an issue, it was a repeating process that occurred in six different instances across the keyboard, over a six month timeframe, and each instance separating.2. You can buy this computer, and if you have this issue apple will replace the keyboard, but it will absolutely happen again, and nearly guaranteed 1 year out of purchase and out of warranty(Btw, $500+ fix, requires replacement of entire base of computer, including battery. Touch Bar, trackpad, aluminum frame)3. This is not a $500 dollar computer, it was nearly a $2000 dollar computer when I purchased it, and its having more issues than my brothers $300 dollar netbook he bought 4 years ago. When you spend this kind of money you should expect perfection.I previously owned a 2015 MacBook Pro, which I was extremely happy with, but this computer absolutely sucks, IOS is great, but you interact with the computer in two ways, keyboard and mouse, and Apple failed miserably here.My biggest regret, is not going window surface, and I am reminded nearly every time I hit now 6 critical key, and maybe 40-50 times in writing this message. Make a better $2k investment than this, learn from every apple 2018 owners mistakes. Less
To preface, I have used both MacBooks and Windows laptops, and I'm coming to this MacBook Pro from using a Surface Pro 4 since 2015.Design:I have yet to see an Apple product that isn't incredibly well built, and this Macbook is no exception. It feels extremely solid, and the design is timeless... for the most part. It doesn't really bother me coming from the Surface Pro 4 which also had fairly large bezels, but placed next to something like the XPS 13, the MacBook Pro can seem dated.Display:The Macbook Pro's display is gorgeous and color accurate. It gets very bright (up to 500 nits) and has low reflectivity for a glossy screen. The resolution is high enough that at normal viewing distances, you can't make out individual pixels. Additionally, the 16:10 aspect ratio is nice for productivity by giving you more vertical real estate. True Tone is also nice to have but certainly not a dealmaker.Trackpad and Keyboard:Macbook trackpads are the best in the business: period. They're smooth, accurate, and incredibly spacious. As for the keyboard, you should test it out in store before buying (or wait for the rumored update later this year). I personally like the butterfly switches, but your mileage may vary. Apple's earlier history with the butterfly keyboard is filled with stories of unreliability, but I haven't heard any of that about this 4th iteration (yet). Also keep in mind that you are covered for 4 years under Apple's keyboard warranty if you buy this Macbook.Battery Life:This is the main reason why I was ready to upgrade; the battery life on my Surface Pro 4 wasn't very good from the start and it obviously only became worse over time. With daily computing tasks (Microsoft Office, many open Safari tabs, VPN, YouTube, etc.) at a reasonable brightness, I can easily get about 10 hours of use.Performance:Performance has been consistently snappy since I got this MacBook Black Friday weekend. Applications open rapidly, and the computer rarely stutters. It benchmarks slower than the latest windows laptops with Ice Lake CPUs, but I haven't had any real world complaints. It's also worth mentioning that this MacBook Pro 13 inch is only marginally slower than its more expensive $1800 counterpart.I/O:As someone who doesn't plug his computer into peripherals often, I'm not too affected by only having 2 thunderbolt 3 ports and a headphone jack. Again, this will depend on your personal use case.Speakers:The speakers sound great, but they're still laptop speakers.Touch Bar:I personally enjoy using the Touch Bar, and many productivity apps take advantage of it. Granted, I have never used the function keys much on any of my computers, so that will likely be something to consider. I do think that MacBooks would benefit from touch functionality directly baked into the display, but I know Apple doesn't want to encroach on the iPad.Misc:I don't want this review to seem like a knock on the Surface line of products. I loved my Surface Pro 4, but I just felt like switching back to a Mac for a while. As a tech head, I like to keep one appendage in every operating system (I have an iPad, an Android phone, and a Windows desktop I built). If you're not dead set on a Mac, there are a lot of good options on the Windows side too. Choice and competition is great for the consumer at the end of the day :)But if you do want a Macbook, this is the sweet spot. Less
It's been a while since I purchased a new computer, I'm talking about over ten years. I won't include the Chromebook that I purchased 5 years ago for 150 bucks since it doesn't have the same capabilities as a normal computer. With smartphones nowadays there are very little things you need a computer in terms of basic daily tasks. I finally had a reason to get a laptop again and decided to do a lot of research before purchasing. My first thought was to purchase a Samsung or Hp which had more power for a cheaper price. I also use an iPhone and Ipad so I decided to at least consider an apple device this time around. First, I was looking at the MacBook Air since it was cheaper but after looking at the specs between the entree level pro and the air, the pro made a lot more sense. The pro has a quad-core I5 vs the dual-core I5 that the air has, and it was only 200 dollars more. It also has the touch strip at the top of the keyboard that changes the functions based on what program you are using.PROS:Baterry- lasts me about 7 to 10 hours depending on what I am doing and charges extremely quick (2 hours or so from 0)Build- It feels luxurious, aluminum. It has a beautiful screen.Apple ecosystem- if you have other Apple devices, this is a no brainer. I love that my photos, files, and messages (from imessage)all transfer over at when I set it up, everything syncs real-time. You can start something on your iPhone and then finish it on your MacBook. I can unlock my Mac with my apple watch, I can also use my iPad as a second screen with a click of a button. To me, this is probably the best part of the purchase.Easy to use, hard to master- anyone can pick it up and start using it right away but you'll find there are hundreds of things that you can learn as you utilize it's more complicated features over time.Built-in programs- It comes with an apple version of the word (pages), excel(numbers) and PowerPoint (keynote). I found it easier to use these apps to make much more presentable documents with half the work. you can even export it in a different version for none mac users ( I created a pages document but then sent it as a word document for a friend to review).Touchpad- I thought oi would need a mouse as I couldn't work on a normal laptop without one . with all the gesture features, however, I found it easier to use the large trackpad than using a mouse. I love it.Security- One of the main reasons people love macs over traditional computers. new the new Macs come with a T2 security chip, Secure Enclave coprocessor that provides the foundation for secure boot and encrypted storage. Although you can still get viruses, It's a lot safer than traditional offerings.CONSPrice- you're going to pay more for this and could easily find better specs on a window based computer by one of their competitors.Storage- The base model comes with 128 gigs and it's pricey to upgrade it. Your either going to want to have an iCloud subscription or purchase an external hard drive. I was able to purchase 2 terabytes external for 80 dollars on sale, although it's not solid-state drive (so it's slower). you could upgrade the laptop itself but the price will start to get pretty pricey.Ram- it comes with 8 gigs of ram which will do for most tasks but you might want to upgrade to more if you plan on doing more taxing tasks. again this will come at a price that is not cheap. Unlike storage, however, you can not upgrade this at a later time. make sure you decide on the correct amount of ram on day one.Outputs- it comes with two Thunderbolt universal ports, which is an upgraded version of the new standard USB-C ports. You can charge, transfer data at rapid speeds. But you might have devices that don't support that and will need to purchase a dongle or adapter for it. I wish it came with at least one USB-A port for older devices.VERDICT:I would absolutely recommend this to anyone in the market for a new laptop and wouldn't go with anything but this for anyone that already has multiple Apple devices. The price is worth the investment. Less
SpeedI haven't done much yet, but in one test of iMovie, I didn't notice any slowdowns in creating a 3 minute long slideshow with transitions and music. As far as multitasking, I haven't noticed any slowdowns regardless of the dozens of browser tabs, and multiple apps open at the same time.NoiseThis computer is super quiet the vast majority of the time. When the fan does kick in to a level that is audible, it isn't too loud - even though it seems loud in comparison. Right now I can't hear any noise from this computer with lots of apps and dozens of browser tabs open.KeyboardNearly a year ago I had tested out Apple's lineup of laptops at a store near me. To be honest, I didn't like the keyboards at all. After getting this laptop, it took me about a day to get used to the keyboard, but now I love it. I can type fast on it not only because of the minimal travel on the keys, but also because the keys are nice and big. Backlit keys are great for working in low light.TouchBarAs a first-time user I have enjoyed the TouchBar. Although I haven't used it for its more advanced or customizable features yet. I appreciate that while typing it does give an emoji option.USB-CSo it has no ports. While I initially was hesitant to go for the Mac because of this, I realized the positive side of it. When I want to use the laptop to be portable, I will appreciate its small size and great battery life. And it means I can effectively dock my computer when I want it set up at my desk. I plug in one cable (a USB-C Hub) and that can have the HDMI cable to the external monitor, any USB devices, an SD card, the power cable, and even an ethernet cable. I was debating getting a hub that also had a headphone port so that I would only have cables on one side, but it didn't seem worth it to pay $20+ more for a hub that included that when I can still plug in headphones on the right side.AirDropAnother feature I really like on Mac is how easy it is to AirDrop files from iPhone to the computer and vice versa.Touch IDI have liked that you can use Touch ID to save passwords in your browser. This will save me time looking up passwords. Touch ID can also be used to login to the computer which is great too. Less
This Macbook replaced a Macbook Pro I got in February 2013. I loved my previous Macbook and to think it lasted 6 years without any trouble until Google Chrome caused it to freeze and then it crashed. The new one is very fast, has not had any keyboard issues and is much lighter than my previous Mac.I love that it encased in a solid aluminum body that protects it from falls, remains light, and super thin and adds heft and quality to it. And I was super excited that the price was much less than my previous Macbook.While I do not use the Touch Bar that often, I do find it useful and fun at times, The screen colors and resolution is fantastic. And perhaps the best thing that has greatly improved and the one thing I hate about my previous Mac were the speakers. They are markedly improved and offer a much richer and louder sound experience. Additionally, another great improvement is the much quicker time it takes for the device to wake up.To date, I have not found anything negative to report after about two months of usage. I am again enjoying my laptop experience after being relegated to using a Windows laptop that I also have. I cannot tell you how much I missed being on a Mac versus using Windows.It is worth the extra cost for a Macbook versus Windows laptops for the greater reliability, ease of use, and to avoid all of the constant Windows updates you have to involuntarily endure. I would highly recommend a Mac to everyone. Less
Love love LOVE my new MacBook Pro! It is everything I wanted it to be; small yet not too small, lightweight but solid, sleek and classy, and comes with all the smooth workings that you expect from an Apple product. Definitely worth the extra you pay for Apple.Ordering was simple, delivery was first class, packaging spot on. Set up was easy and it’s so simple to turn on and off and go through it’s motions.Photo editing is great, office applications are simple but clear, watching tv on it is first rate.The Touch Bar is amazing, so handy and easy to use. Covers so many areas and I love the way it links up with my iPhone and iCloud to clone my calendar, dictionary and notes.Only wee gripes are that when it arrived it had an out of date MacOS system on it and I needed to upgrade it to Catalina. This was quick and painless to do and was due to them being warehoused, not direct from Apple but a wee note to say this should be done would have been helpful.Also, I still can’t get onto the 12mth free Apple TV+ that was promised with it. No email or note to explain how to set this up and my MacBook isn’t recognising that it should be giving me this. Working through it with Apple but again, just a pointless avoidable faff that you’d hope not to have with such a high quality and expensive product.Lastly, and this will be in part due to my naïvety in areas of tech, I didn’t click that the USB-C thunderbolt ports were not ‘standard’ USB sized! So had to buy a couple of wee adapters.Overall though, very happy with my product and John Lewis’ service. Less
My first venture into MacOS was a 13" i5 MacBook Pro late 2013 bought from JL on a 'Black Friday' offer and it was more expensive than similarly spec'd laptops however I decided I'd go for it. What has set the MacBook Pro apart (aside the annual OS updates) is that the machine itself has never really slowed down the way I've found so many windows laptops have in day to day use (based upon my wife and fathers laptops bought around the same time). An unexpected cash gift allowed me to replace the 2013 model and the 2019 MacBook Pro has simply added to what I already feel was already very well rounded product. Touch Bar and fingerprint security is just icing on the cake. Is it expensive, yes it is but if the 2019 Pro lasts me another 6-7 years and still performs as well as my 2013 model, I'd say that my money is well spent. Only gripe is connectivity in the 2019 model is restricted to only 2 usb-C ports, surely apple could expand the connectivity without having to spend another £200 to get the next model up to get 4 usb-C ports. I have had to buy a couple of adaptors to hook up 2 monitors and standard usb devices but the adapters (non-apple) were not expensive and work flawlessly for me.I'm happy with my purchase and whilst it would be nice if MacBooks were a bit cheaper, the fact my old 2013 MacBook Pro has now been adopted by my wife replacing a 2 year old windows i5 laptop "cos it's so much more responsive" suggests MacOS is not as demanding on memory and processors as other operating systems, yet in my opinion it works so well. Less
After 26 years of using Windows, this is my first Macintosh computer and it's so easy to use. Love the finger print for accessing without typing password, quickly recognize. Upon turning on, the machine asks to update to new MacOS (Catalina 10.15.3), then I installed Adobe PS, Lightroom, and MS Office. After that, the machine keep rebooting, but don't panic and return to the store, just re-install the Catalina OS again and everything is just working perfectly as promised. (Google search how to run re-install MacOS).Love the elegant designs on every inch and corner. Keyboard traveling distance is quite shorter than other Windows keyboards, but since Apple already fixed since previous generation issue).Only one thing that Apple should fix for next generation is two USB-C ports too close each other. To overcome this inconvenience, I need to buy two extra USB-C female to male cables in order to charge the laptop simultaneously with using my flash drive.Overall, this MacBook Pro is great and worth with its price. The Retina display is so sharp and smooth for my Photography activities. The last but not least, thanks Bestbuy for easy financing program and great discount on Valentine of 2020. Less
I've used the laptop for a week and I am blown away. Performance, screen, battery life, and build quality are all exceptional. If you have never owned a MacBook and you're looking to jump in, now is the perfect time at $1,199 or $1,399 with the discount. This is the best value MacBook for the performance you're getting in a long time.The lower price point for the 2017 Pro looks enticing, but I would avoid it if you can. The 2019 Pro gets a bump to a quad-core processor 8th gen from the 2017's outdated 7th gen dual-core. You also get a Touch Bar and Touch ID, something you previously had to spend $500 more to get. I know some people really don't like the keyboard or Touch Bar, and I can certainly understand why.Apple refreshed the butterfly keyboard (4th gen now) to make it more reliable and quieter. I find the typing experience to be unique but not my first choice.With 8 GB of RAM and the i5, this computer blazes through all of my everyday tasks (which honestly are nothing special). Don't let the base clock 1.4 GHz fool you -- its speed varies on the task. I strongly recommend you spend the extra $200 and bump up to the 256 GB model. 128 GB is unacceptable in 2019, and you'll be begging for storage within a year.If you have owned a Pro in the past, you know what to expect here. Switching from Windows and with an iPhone XR, the interaction between your Apple devices is seamless. There's a bit of a learning curve with macOS, but if you're a content creator or just someone who is looking for a premium laptop experience, this is the way to go. Great job Apple! Less
For Context:I have used this for just another a month now. I am a university student and I use this in conjunction with an iPad (with Apple Pencil) for note taking. This MacBook Pro is excellent as a uni device (lightweight, power when you need it, long battery life). If you need to run more demanding software (SolidWorks, video/photo editing) consider alternative makes/models with more ram/storage. I have a desktop computer that can handle anything major so this is not a problem for me but keep that in mind.Pros:Display 10/10Build Quality & aesthetics 10/10You will use the Touch Bar feature more than you think. I think it is an elegant way to include a volume/brightness slider.Speaker quality is excellent.Very light and very quiet under casual load.Fingerprint reader means you can log-in to websites using fingerprint verification.Quad-core cpu!Cons:Lack of I/O ports. Unless you are comfortable with transferring files via Cloud software or by airdrop you WILL need to buy adaptors/docks.128 GB is not recommended for most people. This is a secondary device for me so it is enough, but if this is a main device I suggest getting more storage.Other:Keyboard is hit or miss. Not the best but I don't mind it. Try it out in person and see if you like it because it is definitely something you need to decide for yourself.The connectivity between this and other apple products (eg. iPad) is amazing for workflow. Copy things to clipboard on a Mac and you can paste it in your iPad apps. Also using airdrop between apple products is ridiculously fast.Value for money? For my case (secondary device, already in the apple ecosystem, casual/university use), yes.Don't think this needs to be said but don't even think about getting this for gaming. Less
I bought this to replace a 2010 17" dual-core i5 MacBook Pro with 8 GB of RAM. It was a machine I loved, but after a decade, it started experiencing frequent kernel panics, and eventually would not start at all. This was the best machine I could afford brand new, and while it lands in a spot similar to Apple's MPB lineup as my 17" i5 did in 2010, this machine is so incredibly fast due to its all-flash architecture (WHICH I HAD NO IDEA WAS A THING that I could have at the price paid... I thought only Mac Pros were like this,) that I almost feel sorry for the old me that was stuck with what I now regard as a rickety old JOKE of a machine... and that was a computer I loved! I was most apprehensive about the dramatically smaller screen on this model as compared to my old MBP, but the Retina display makes this machine *feel* the same as the 17" did in terms of sheer pixels to work with, if a tad smaller, naturally. In short, I am writing this review for anyone who has never used a Retina (re: flash-bashed) machine before, and is still slogging it out on an old-school HDD-based Mac; switching to this (or similar) gives you the same feeling you had the first time you got an iPhone, GPS, or the Internet... you wondered how you ever muddled by without it!!!! It is that much better... like using an iPad in terms of speed and instant response. I am in love with this razor-thin computer, and I have not even said one thing about the color gamut of the screen, or the Touch Bar, or the 10,000 other improvements, because just the sheer SPEED of the this beast has my mind BOGGLED. LOVE!!!!!!! Less
This is my second one and has been great. The first one had a weird screen flickering issue that got worse over time. I did the usual Apple resets and it would go away for a bit, so I returned it. Battery is average not close to what reviewers online have stated, as both laptops have been the same. I have screen at less than 50% with Wi-Fi/Bluetooth enabled, keyboard/Touch Bar at 10sec, while web surfing and battery decreases like 1% every 6-8min.I like the Touch Bar and Touch ID, which are some of the reasons I got it. My iMac is over 5 years old and running strong without having to redo it like Windows every year and/or replacing hardware every 2 years like I used to do. I trust Apple products and their reliability. Except for Beats at the moment.Keep in mind Spotlight has to do an index when you first set up a Mac device. If you don’t leave it alone and let it do its thing the device may overheat and shut down, depending on what you are doing at the moment. Apple should list this somewhere for folks, as it’s a common problem. Check the CPU/Energy tabs in Activity Monitor to observe the amount Spotlight is using. Less
I have had this for a month now and I really like it. It says I purchased this on the 8th but it was really before that, they had a 3 day sale selling this $250 cheaper than what I paid 2 weeks before so they gave me the difference, which is cool. I wanted the 15 inch but went with this one for the money and im happy I did. This is a very solid laptop I think its made from all aluminum and just feels solid, but very thin and portable. The battery life is also really good. I can sit on the couch and watch videos, listen to music, surf the web etc. for 4 hours and it still has maybe 50-60% charge left. And the thunderbolt 3 charger charges it creepy fast.Don't be fooled by the 1.4ghz or whatever it is this thing is FAST at least to what im used to. It downloaded fortnight in under a half hour and I've seen videos on YouTube testing the performanceand its the best so far even the base model (what I have). I plan on using this for my classes when I enroll and It seems great for that too. My family all have iPhones and apple products work really smooth with each other. My only real complaint I can think of right now is that for $1299 msrp it only came with 128gig ssd. Thats lame. But you can buy all kinds of external hard drives so I guess that's helpful. Less
I've had Iphones over the years, but this is my first Macbook. After close to 2 months of ownership, I can say that I won't be going back to the Windows or Chromebook OS. I've been really impressed by the hardware and software of my Macbook pro. I actually love the the Touch Bar and have found it to be very useful, along with Touch ID. The only disappointment is the keyboard, but even that isn't terrible.If I was writing this review 2 weeks ago I'd give it a solid 5 stars. But then the new Air came out, and If I was buying now I would have to strongly consider the new Air with the quad core 10th gen i5 and 256GB SSD and the Magic Keyboard vs this Pro model that has a 8th Gen quad core i5 and 128GB SSD and the old keyboard. I'd have to give up the touchbar, slightly brighter screen and slightly better sound of the pro. But a more advance chip, double the storage and the new keyboard probably make the new Air - especially when you factor in the the lighter weight and slightly sleeker wedge shape the real value proposition in MacBooks right now at the same price as my Pro (although I did get it on sale for $200 off). Less
I’m a huge fan of Apple products so it’s very rare that I’m disappointed by them. I purchased this to replace my 2015 MacBook Air. Let me start by saying the screen is gorgeous, the speed on even heavy tasks is phenomenal, and the build quality is excellent. Unfortunately, I found the Touch Bar awful and not intuitive at all and worst of all the typing experience was absolutely unacceptable. The whole point of a laptop nowadays if to be able to have a portable and powerful device that you can use when you need to type more than you would on a tablet, do heavier editing, and general use of more professional software. It is the most uncomfortable typing experience I’ve ever had on a laptop. Keys too close together, no travel, loud, poor palm positioning. What were they thinking? Have they even used it? Anyway...hopefully they will fix this in future models but for now I returned it and happily went back to my reliable and well thought out MacBook Air. Less
Bought this for my wife as a gift due to when I first met her in college she had the 2011 MacBook pro. Since I got a job as a network specialist, I figured I'd upgrade her old MacBook pro with the newest one out. Well I bought it, it arrived and I gave it to her for her birthday. We took it out the box and tried to power it up, but it wouldn't turn on. We figured maybe they just didn't charge it up at the factory so I plugged it in to the charger. Nothing happened. Left it plugged in over night, still would not power on. Changed to several different outlets and still nothing. Was getting ready to give up on it, but after 3 days of sitting on the charger it finally came on by itself. When it booted up completely and we finished setting it up, we noticed the battery was at 100 percent. This was strange because that means it had been charged all along. I called support and they said oh it's fine, this MacBook is known to have a power issue and didn't ask if I wanted a different model or my money or anything. Basically just told me to expect it and that others have those issues as well. Well now sometimes it'll power on and others it won't. Truly the most embarrassing gift I've ever given. If I could return it and get a better one, I would. Less
This is my first Mac since a 2011 Pro, and I've been on PC since about 2015. The actual product is one of the best pieces of hardware period. The 2 USB C ports are an inconvience but overall welcome. I just wish I didn't need adapters for everything.As far as the software goes, if you use everything Apple (Safari, mail, etc...) things work really well. If you're using Chrome, Spotify, and other apps, expect abysmal battery life. Even just watching YouTube on chrome made my battery drain by the minute. Not to mention, it feels like those non apple programs are much more streamlined on Windows.Now the hardware is a confusing picture. Finally updating to an 8th gen quad core i5 is a welcome change (only 2 years late), but for $1300, the fact that there's only a 128 GB SSD is pathetic. And there's no upgrading it either because it's soldered to the logic board along with the RAM. Watch the ifixit video please. The touch bar is dumb too. It is not streamlined at all. Plus if it breaks then it's quite a process to fix.If you buy any Mac nowadays, please get applecare. Your wallet will thank you down the road. Less
I've been wanting a Macbook for years now, so I decided to buy the 2019 model after my classes started to demand more than what my previous HP laptop could handle.As someone who's used Windows/PC all her life, I have to say that the Mac OS does take some getting used to, but it's worth it. There is just so much more to a Macbook than there ever has been with PC's, and I'm especially impressed with the touchbar, though it's not really as big of a deal for me as it probably is for others.Top benefits for me: iMessage, FaceTime, screen resolutionThe only issue I've had with this laptop is that it's got an issue with heating up when it's being used for an extended period of time. I bought AppleCare+ and I may have them look into this because I get a little concerned when my computer starts to get to be too hot for me to feel comfortable with.Overall, I would say that the cost is worth it, and if you're a college student like me who's debating whether or not it's worth making the switch from PC to Mac, just do it! I'd definitely recommend this Macbook for those who are into graphic design/editing/content creation, which is what I feel Macbooks/Mac OS is best for. Less
I wanted a laptop for photo editing and music streaming that was small enough to travel well. After doing tons of research, I decided on the MacBook Pro 13 inch.The thing that stood out immediately was the build quality. Everything is well done and well thought out. Trackpad is as awesome as advertised, and the Touch ID is very convenient.Of course, the screen is very important when editing photos, and this screen is top notch for color and detail.The keypad is fine, despite reviews to the contrary. Very impressive battery life.The one thing I would change about it would be to add a couple more thunderbolt ports. I bought a third party dock that does the trick, but at this price one would expect more ports.All in all, highly recommend this product. I'm overjoyed with the quality. Less
I bought the new 2019 macbook pro with touch bar. I have a windows 10 laptop with much higher specs but this mac never feels slow and weak in terms of performance as compared to it. Its a solid performer for everyday usage. you will never be disappointed in playing back any type of media, little video editing and some games and office work. solid machine.as this machine as only two 2 usb c ports, i bought a usb c hub to plug external monitor or normal usb drives, but hardly used it. It has got usb c charging so it can be charged with compatible charges and even power banks, perfect machine for those long drives and vacations. easily gives me 8+hrs of backup on battery in normal office products and working for office. Tight integration between apple products is another positive.my previous 2011 mac air is still functioning like new, and hope to get few good years with this powerhouse as well. Less
We bought this in store to take advantage of the 18 months with no interest on the Best Buy card. So far, we love it. The computer was very easy to setup, and synchronized with our other Apple products fairly seamlessly. The battery lasts quite a while for a laptop with this type of power. Our primary uses for this laptop is to do freelance journalism (wife) and LinkedIn job search/learning for me. The screen is super clear, and the keyboard works really nicely. It takes a little bit to get used to the different keyboard commands between Apple and Windows based systems.We ended up buying a separate cover/case from the online retailer since it's a fraction of the cost compared to in store. I certainly would suggest getting some sort of cover since the space gray shows fingerprints fairly easily. Less
Although some people might think as if the MacBooks with TouchBar are useless, they're not! They truly can cut time in half for you! And the Touch ID makes you feels so secure with sharing your passwords and debit/credit card information rather than one click and then it's there, or way better than retyping your computer password a million times. The one con I have about this is the the keyboard is way more stiff than past MacBooks in general and if your moving from any other computer- including past MacBooks, it will take you a couple weeks to get used to the keyboard because it can be a pain in the butt. But it's achievable. Also I play like virtual world avatar-like games on here and with my past computer, I downloaded one of them and it was absolute trash on my past computer. It slowed down, so, so laggy and I could barely play because how laggy it was and it took five-ever to load. When I got this computer, The CPU was crazy different and now that program runs clear! Less
This is my first Mac. Im generally a Windows person (gamer and student), but wanted to swap over to Apple mainly because I have an iPhone and Apple Watch. As a student, I have been using the Surface Pro 4 for nursing school for the past 2 years (bought in 2016). Ive noticed the SP4 has gotten pretty slow, so I figured this was my chance to make the switch to a MacBook.My entire family uses MacBooks, and this Mac with he Touch Bar is by far the best laptop I have purchased. I love tech gadgets, and this mets my expectations. I love the Touch Bar, mainly because its just super cool and high tech. I went with Space Gray and it is such a cool cooler. Speakers are amazing when listening to music. I went with the 128gb model because, as a student, I don't do much except study and take notes. 256gb is just way too much for my needs.This is the perfect laptop for students. I use Microsoft OneNote, and thankfully there is an apple app for it. It has made it super easy to transfer my nursing school notes over. Less
We have been fortunate (thanks to Best Buy's excellent sales on MacBook Pro's) to be able to send each of our kids to college with a MacBook Pro. We didn't want them to have to deal with slower start-ups after the first few years.This current model is stellar. My daughter loves the Touch Bar. Personally, I used to think it was gimmicky--but then I started to see how it was put to use and how my daughter uses it: It is very impressive (and useful). The computer has plenty of computing power and hard drive space with the 256GB SSD. I know this is the final model with the "improved" keyboard. And it does feel improved compared to a 2-year older MacBook Pro. I wondered if I should wait for the 2020 MacBook Pro to release with the even better keyboard, but we haven't had any trouble with the keyboard on the 2017 MBP and Best Buy's prices were too good to pass up. Less
The 2019 MacBook Pro with TouchBar and 2 Thunderbolt ports is an exceptional computer. The Intel Core i5-8257U processor is not a slug by any chance. I initially thought that the quad core processor would be slow with a 1.4GHz base clock speed. After purchasing the computer, I found that the processor is very capable.Throughout the past few weeks, I have compiled videos in Final Cut Pro, edited photos, and even played Fortnite. The computer handles all of these tasks without any trouble. The only thing with Fortnite was that I had to play it on the high settings to achieve a playable frame rate.Moving onto the design, the computer is thin and very sleek. The backlit keyboard is very convenient when typing in low-lit spaces. The computer does tend to become hot on the bottom when doing intensive tasks. Less
Previously owned a Mid 2012 Mac Book Pro and wanted to upgrade. This new machine is definitely a step up when it comes to performance. But as for not having extra ports is where I had an issue with. I did purchase a dongle through amazon at a decent price but it works for what I need it for. The screen is amazing, which is to be expected for MacBook Pros. And another big improvement is the sound quality. The sound is awesome compared to my old 2012. Now as for the Keyboard. I've been reading back and forth positive and negative reviews, but as of now, I've had no issues. It is a bit loud as I type, but I've gotten used to it. The Touch Bar is also a not so bad feature. I do use it quite a bit when I type as spell check words pop up on it. Still getting used to it. In the end, this is a nice upgrade from my 2012. The price can be pretty expensive, but they do last a few years and end up getting your money worth. The recent sale Best Buy had also helped as it was off $250. Definitely a purchase I won't regret. Less
I have spent quality time with my MacBook Pro for the last few weeks after purchasing it. In short, the 2019 model is just great. I read a lot of reviews about it and holds up to all the positive stuff I have read about it. There were some mixed reviews about the Touch Bar. However, I love that feature. It provides me context specific functions which can be very helpful. Also, it is customizable. They keyboard is extremely quiet. I also use it with programs that use up a lot of memory and so far the fan has hardly every kicked in.I recommend the 16GB RAM model and also the 256BG SSD option. I think this will give the biggest bang for the buck and somewhat future proof the laptop as software demands on the memory, SSD, and CPU increases in the future.Overall a great buy and I also got $200 during pre-Black Friday sale through B&H that just can't be beat. Less
This is my first MacBook Air as I’ve always been a MacBook Pro consumer. But, given the several hundred dollar price variance and the only major difference is in the editing software, I thought I’d give it a try.I must be honest in that I haven’t noticed any major difference, less to say it’s lighter, more compact and convenient. With that being said (for the positive) ... I love it!I have all of the functionality of the MacBook Pro without the additional costs. The best part is with all of the money I saved getting the MacBook Air instead of the Pro I was able to use it to get the much recommended AppleCare protection.The ONLY reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is due to the lack of USB ports. This new port system is a downer in my book. It requires the user to buy additional accessories in order to be used.All in all I still highly recommended the MacBook Air as ALL of the newer model MacBook computers use the same porting system. Less
I owned the first gen MacBook Air, I feel a day and night difference in all aspects. The Retina display will show you how sharp the images and videos are almost brought to life by the pictures of your iPhone 11 Pro. This MacBook Pro is light and very versatile, lasts all day with various tasks. It redefines simplicity for a a tech expert of for someone who will first own a laptop. I love it boots up quickly and doesn't bother you with updates left and right before you need to get to your tasks. The keyboard does feel a bit out of place compared to others but you get used to it pretty quickly. I like how it gets automatically unlocked with my Apple Watch as well. The Touch Bar honestly is more of a wow factor although I do catch myself using it to send emojis on my iMessages. Great purchase love everything about it! Less
I tried out the MacBook Air and loved it, but a few days later this one went on sale so I made this purchase. I use this for my online classes and I haven't had any problems at all. The speeds are incredible and the typing experience feels natural. I really have come to enjoy the touchbar as well. I had trouble at first with the flash drives because the computer was not allowing me to eject them. I tried 5 different flash drives and each one had the same problem. I talked to Apple support and they were not able to find the solution. The Macbook Air I had for a few days had the same problem. I figured out that quicklook was running in the background and you have to go to the activity monitor to force quit it each time. Besides this small problem, I have nothing but good things to say about this MacBook Pro! Less
Love the laptop so-far. The touchbar was more functional than I expected for what I needed pertaining to my work and applications. My biggest gripe is with buying into the Apple Ecosystem (high price for low spec computer) but I'm impressed with how much the CPU handles when I throw a decent amount of rendering at it.Doing a lot of tasks on 8gb isn't ideal but it's a far superior starting range from Apple devices since a decade ago (still using a 2011 iMac at home which proves how durable their products lend themselves to future-proofing)Day to day tasks and ease of use (since using Mac for more than 15 years) has been a breeze. Display looks nice for a Low end model MBP.Still, just wishing apple products would be worth their hardware value as opposed to their operating system and designer status. However, they're the best Long-lasting machines I know of, so there is certainly value in that. Less
I bought this MacBook as a portable companion to my 27" iMac. I have to say, I am really blown away by the performance of this device. I love the large trackpad and gesture support. The keyboard travel is a little low for my liking, but I can live with it. Surprisingly, I have found the Touch Bar very useful (I really thought it would be more of a gimmick rather than a useful feature). I have also been impressed with the sound this thing puts out - impressive for a laptop. I also love how this device works so seamlessly with all of my other apple devices - I can literally start working on something on my laptop and then pick right back up on my iMac if needed. Battery life has been good; not great, but certainly more than adequate. Overall, definitely an excellent laptop. 
Using a 13" version, previously used a MacBook Air. The larger touchpad is a really bad idea and drives me absolutely bonkers. I can't seem to type a full sentence without inadvertently touching the trackpad and causing at least a few typos. I never had a problem with the smaller trackpad on the MacBook Air so I have no clue why they thought a larger pad was a necessary improvement. If this weren't a work-issued computer, I'd punt it. Really disappointed as the trackpad was a key feature that kept me coming back to Apple MacBooks. Now that they've buggered this up, I'd consider a serious look at Windows-based laptops again - esp as I hear a lot of good things about laptops from Acer / Asus. After all, I switched from iPhone to Samsung a few years ago and haven't looked back, maybe the same is true with laptops?? Less
This is the fourth Macbook Pro I have owned, and while the quality has always been excellent, I have one complaint: the awful new USB-C connectors. The old USBs, despite the 'wrong way round' annoyance, always felt solid and robust. These terrible new connectors are flimsy, fragile and a constant source of bad connections. After just a little use, the contact becomes hit and miss, but more miss than hit.If you so much as sneeze (only a slight exaggeration) around these plugs, they lose contact or pull out completely. And now, as if recognising their mistake, Apple has reduced these miserable little sockets, from four to two. I was constantly swapping from one side of the laptop to the other, to find a good connection, now, I am limited to two. I reckon, if Steve Jobs was still in charge, he would never have allowed this to happen. Less
I bought this computer about 8 months ago from best buy, and in the first month I got my fan being to loud, so I went to the apple store, since bestbuy wouldn't deal with it, and they reset the settings and an issue was gone for a month or two. But eventually it came back again. Same story repeated and on third time they took it for a hardware repair. After that was done same issue appeared in couple months and on top of it my battery now doesn't even last for 1 hr, Apple quality. I called to apple support and they said the max we can do is to take for a repair AGAIN. So basically they are just postponing the time so factory warranty expires and they don't have to deal with it for free. Also they found a dent on a computer that wasn't there on previous visits and I still have the same issue but it doesn't matter. So to summarize I paid the highest price for this type of computer on the market, plus I got the worst customer service. After this would never recommend apple product to anyone. Be advised I never thought this would happen to me either. Less
I’ve had the MacBook Pro now for about two months. It’s fast and reliable, slim and does everything I need it to for school and work. Love the space gray color! While it doesn’t have many ports, there are a number of hubs and docking ports out there to resolve that issue. I purchased one (Hyperdrive) along with this and it works wonderfully when I need an HDMI or USB port. The touchbar isn’t something I thought I would use, but it’s surprisingly handy. I also use the Touch ID religiously for purchases or to unlock, as well as the hot corners. I’m new to the Mac world, as I’ve been a Windows person forever, but the transition isn’t too hard if you have good base of computer knowledge. I’m still learning new tricks though! 
...and I've owned most of them. Got this one for travel as it weights so much less that the MBPs from 2-3 years ago. NOTE THAT THE PRICE HAS DROPPED TO $1299 this week, another $100 savings!. A well-known accessory company selling at Best Buy has invented an $89 "dock" that fits snugly into the 2 USB-C ports on the sides and gives you the two USB-C ports back, a card reader, and 2 USB 3.0 ports for your legacy devices (ever seen a Logitech USB-C mouse dongle? Me neither - get a bluetooth mouse. I recommend the Logi M585 as a reasonably priced solution and Best Buy also sells them. BUT... we were talking about the computer, weren't we? OK -- FAST, boots up fast, screen is just AMAZING. I stepped down from my MBP 15 inch screen because this one is so bright and high-res. Makes Photoshop editing easy. You won't regret buying one ! Less
I’m a graduate student who was looking for a bit more powerful computer then my previous MacBook. I’m an Apple guy so I was looking only at MacBooks. While the fifteen inch model is incredibly nice, this computer checks my boxes for portability. Now with all pro models coming with the touchbar, this purchase has definitely worked out for me. I strongly recommend for school!Buyer beware, however. With all the issues with the MacBook Pros, definitely get Apple Care. I elected to get the two years of Apple Care with this one, and I’ve already known some screen flicker happening. Not really an issue for me, especially since I have Apple care (along with the limited warranty), so I’m still confident in my purchase. If anything were to happen, I know I’d be taken care of by Apple’s legendary customer service. Less
I had been a P..C. User. I was hesitant to change over to Apple products because I would have to learn how to operate a new system. But having an I-phone and then an I-pad helped me begin to learn about Apple products. Then, I got brave and bought an I-Mac desktop when my p.c computer crashed. I took classes at the Apple store. My laptop was operating on Windows 7. I tried to update to Windows 10, but it could not handle it, so I had to go back to Windows 7. I was slowly losing many of my capabilities on my laptop. My c.d. Player/ recorder wouldn’t work. My card reader wouldn’t work. Some of my programs would no longer work. Then one day, I received a message that Windows 7 would no longer be supported. That was it. Time to make that leap to have all Apple products. Now I can work on my I-Mac or laptop. I love being able to airdrop photos from my phone to laptop and visa versa. I enjoy making I-movies for special occasions. I just made a movie for my Granddaughter’s Christening. It was so easy to make the movie and then play it at party on their big screen t.v. I’m glad I took advantage of the cyber Monday sale. I’m also glad I chose the 256 GB. I did buy an adapter because the computer comes with lightning ports only. The adapter I bought comes with USB ports, a memory card reader and an h.d.m.i. Port. So, now I am able to do everything I need to do. The computer is light and fast. So happy I made the decision to buy this product. Less
I sure have had a hard time making up my mind between Macbook pro and air. First purchased the air and liked it but it did seem sort of slow for what I needed so I returned and got this pro. I am very happy with my purchase and it works beautifully for what I need. Web, word, light photo editing, music and some editing. Love the nice bright screen, and I know they are dependable. I had purchased the XPS13 but was only getting about 2 hour battery life which is pointless for a laptop. THis isn't quite as good as the air but I can work a couple hours each evening after work and only charge a couple times a week, which is nice. Will be keeping for a long time so I expect this to last me awhile! Only drawback I have is it does get hot after awhile and gets warm on the lap. 
The only problems with this laptop, in my opinion, are the low storage (especially since system takes up quite a bit). It is quite low for the price, however, if money isn't an issue then this problem doesn't apply to you. Plus, it's Apple. It's bound to be expensive. Secondly, the new macbooks only have thunderbolt 3 ports, which are quite a pain considering you have to go out and spend over $40 on an adapter. Otherwise, the laptop is fantastic, runs super well (I play several games on my laptop with no issues), and is light and easy to carry around. Although the touchbar isn't necessarily worth the extra $300, it's a pretty cool feature and does come in handy sometimes. Overall, I definitely recommend this laptop, especially for students and working adults. 
I was REALLY hesitant towards buying an Apple laptop. Mainly because of how expensive they are, and I wasn’t sure if it would be a right fit for me. I asked everyone I knew about theirs, and everyone said they liked theirs. I wanted mine for basic browsing, and light photo editing. Nothing major.So I did a little research, and figured if I was already spending the money, I might as well get the pro. I haven’t been disappointed yet! It’s smaller in size, which I wasn’t sure about at first, but now love! I moved my must have photos over from my old laptop, and stored the ones I didn’t necessarily need in external storage.Honestly, I do not regret my decision! I needed a new laptop ASAP, as mine was literally hanging by a thread. I’m glad I treated myself to this new laptop! 
I am new to the Mac having always used Windows before. However the transition is very simple and quick. Certainly the MacBook Pro is fast and capable of so much, intuitive intelligence as it anticipates what you will need next.Screen is awesome although not sure why it isn’t touch screen especially for the price. The Touch Bar is a neat concept though. Looks good and light. Good battery life and charging.Works well and very pleased with it! The young guy in the shop was extremely helpful and knowledgeable. JL lived up to it’s promise too,when I found it lower priced in another shop so refunded the difference.Not cheap but you get what you pay for and the life span of a MacBook far outlives most other brands. 
The laptop is good. Great screen, fast and is a joy to use for the basics. If you are a pro user, well not so. No option to upgrade the memory once bought. Intel graphics share the 8gb of ram. At work with an iMac with 2gb of dedicated ram for the AMD GPU the system will use 6gb of ram. This is because i have 24gb available. This is with adobe CC installed. When we had 8gb the memory was compressing to leave enough available for apps. This means the cpu is having to do more work. Opening files i soon hit 8gb and then into the 16gbs when undos are saved in the memory. This is with 2gb for the GPU already provided. This would be 18gb on intel graphics.So what i am saying is for this to be a pro laptop you will need at least 16gb of ram and a dedicated AMD gpu. The cost for a pro Macbook really is over 2000 pounds. This is a Macbook. Its a lie on Apple behalf. The costs for memory upgrades are awful, i really mean awful. Apple are taking advantage of their customers and over charging for these. Extra 8gb for 200. Please not even funny and you really need to, to get the best out of the machine if you are a pro user.Be aware 8gb is ok for surfing the web and documents, exel, but not great. Less
bought a 13" MacBook Pro on President's day to replace my old MacBook from 2014. got the 256GB SSD space gray. is the most powerful MacBook I've ever owned so far. 4th one since 2003. the keyboard is much better than the MacBook and the performance and display is just great. excellent sound from the internal speakers. from first power up to complete download at from iCloud was about half an hour. just impressed as usual with the apple quality. battery is spec'd at 10 hours and depending on what you are doing it is right up there. wasn't sure about the Touch Bar but it grows on you with use and overall is kinda neat with the touch login and also via Apple Watch. highly recommended. 
After a lot of research and finally concluding to get the MBP 13 I am so glad that I got it from Adorama. The device was double packed with great padding to ensure device is secure and undamaged. Delivery was fast. The device itself is a dream - I'm simply unable to put is aside even when I'm not working. The MBP 13 is blazing fast for my development work(I'm a senior developer) and all intensive tasks I throw at it. The battery lasts me an entire day of work and I only have to charge it at night. All in all a great purchase. Adorama does not disappoint, I've purchased from them before and this purchase was no exception. I would do business again and would highly recommend! 
Once again not disappointed with an Apple product. My son bought this for school and it has proven to be quite a powerful computer.Very fast. Great screen quality. Impressive sound quality from the small sneakers. Good battery life. Touch ID is nice to have. The Touch Bar is a slick feature too.This particular purchase was a very good value at Best Buy also. On sale + student deal is a very good price for even the low end model of a MacBook. This computer will already outlast a Windows PC so the value is there.And of course, if you already live in the Apple ecosystem or want to start, everything Apple just works seamlessly with each other.Get you one. 
Overall, it’s a decent laptop. It’s not snappy though as I would expect it to be for simple things like browsing or word usage. My biggest complaint would be the Microsoft word that didn’t work with new Catalina update. I had to go to Apple, leave my brand new laptop for two days and then pick it up because all Apple could do was to downgrade my brand new laptop because Microsoft 365 subscription came up as read only. After upgrading it again, it worked. Microsoft reps said I would have to remove the app and reinstall if it didn’t work again. What a headache! A use manual would also be helpful.. Dear Apple, don’t be cheap on user manuals. I shouldn’t be doing the guess work. 
So I’ve been a Windows user forever. Although for a very long time I’ve had the Apple Watch, iPads, and iPhones since they came out, I finally decided to take the leap and get a MacBook Pro. I went with the 256 GB model so that I had enough storage. I have to admit the moving from windows to Mac definitely take some time to learn. The OS is extremely smooth. I’m learning more and more every single day and the best part is being able to call Apple and have them log right into your computer to help you out.If you’re debating because of the price I assure you that spending the extra hundreds of dollars is worth every penny. With Apple care this product will be good for at least 5 to 10 years and I’m already loving it. 
I wanted to leverage a Macbook Pro for opening VMs from an external drive, have lots of open tabs on the browser and spend similar money to a Surface Laptop 3.This option made that possible - Core i5, 16GB RAM, and 256GB SSD enable me to focus come cores on Parallels while working on lots of tabs at the same time.Moving from Windows to Mac, I am very surprised at the performance. The Core i5 has plenty of horsepower and with an external drive, plenty of capability to accomplish what I need. I like macOS capability to manage it all smoothly without a lot of overhead.Parallels works much better than VMWare for what I am doing and I am getting more performance for the same price in the deal I got from B&H.Great customer support, too. 
We purchased our tv on a Saturday. We waited until Monday to mount it on the wall (when we had help). We were surprised that there were no directions in the box. After careful installation, we turned it on and the side and left top had no picture and was black. We called and received poor customer service. One representative told us we should have returned it in 24 hours??? I should mention that I also purchased an extended warranty. When we drove the 45 minutes back to the store, we were told that we did the damage and they should not take it back (but did). I can assure you we didn't do the damage. Best Buy did not have another of the same model so we had to wait to get a new one 4 days later. When we got the new one it had directions, so I am pretty sure our first one had been a return. We have not had much opportunity to watch this tv yet, but I am not sure I would make another large purchase from Best Buy. Less
I am one that does not want to live my life on an electronic device and have heard so many good things about MacBooks so when Microsoft stopped supporting Windows 7 I tried Windows 10. I was annoyed at all the things that they want to sell you or sign-up for so I pursued the MacBook Pro and being self-employed I also purchased a 2020 version of Quickbooks which other than email is the only real use I have for a computer.It has been nothing but frustrating to do simple things on it - my email acct kept popping up I figured out how to disable it which resulted in the QB program online services inoperable and have spent hours trying to reconnect it without the email pop-up. I now have to do a number of things by hand.Going from window to window is inefficient not to mention the touch-bar is way to sensitive. I have also tried their Numbers program and find it inferior to ExcellI guess if you have nothing to do but spend hours on acomputer with their many programs and other electronic devices this is a good system but I miss my Windows 7 Less
If you're trying to decide on a $1000ish laptop that is the perfect balance between performance, portability, and durability, this is your pick. The ssd and memory are a bit low, and cannot be upgraded. However, to my surprise, I have not had any issues with the memory being too low. Everything is cloud based/stored these days, so extra drive space isn't really needed, but you can always have an external ssd for added space if needed. Design is great. Screen is bright and vivid. I like the improved keyboard. Battery life rocks. Only complaint is inability to upgrade ssd or memory. 
I like my MacBook, but I had to spend so much money on dongles and adapters to make it function with all of the other tech I own that isn't USBC compatible. The other day, the charger got bumped just hard enough to make it unusable. $20 for the cheapest, shortest charge cord replacement. $40 for a longer one. I pretty much have to be sitting next to an outlet if I need to use my computer while charging now, which is really inconvenient. The charge cord on my old Windows computer lasted for the entire 8 years that I had the computer. I've had this one for two months. It's really frustrating that I spent all this money on something that wasn't built to last, and isn't compatible with anything else I own. 
I love my new MacBook Pro 13” with Touch Bar. It’s an amazing machine and can handle quite a bit of work. Ofcourse this isn’t a gaming laptop or the fully specked out MacBook Pro, but at its cheapest version it handles everything I need to do really well. I’m in love with this computer. One downer is obviously the keyboard. It’s not a keyboard where I can feel fluently type. It’s pretty flat and doesn’t offer me the comfortability i seek. But we all have different likes and dislikes, so I’m sure some people will find the keyboard enough for them. It’s a good keyboard. 
My wife’s dell laptop died after 3 years of ownership; the solid state drive failed. I had said that was the last Windows based computer we would own. My wife doesn’t like change but she quickly learned how to use macOS and now LOVES the computer. Everything just works every time she opens it. I never hear her complain about an automatic update taking control of the computer for an hour or about things locking up. My 11 year old son does homework on the computer and loves it! I love the machine as well, when I can get on it. So far this Apple product is just as phenomenal as our other Apple products. 
This MacBook Pro is a beastAmazing performance. I have compared its performance to that of windows laptops with intel i5 10th gen processors and the MacBook outperformed these laptops significantly. If you are a photographer or a blogger like me, get this MacBook and avoid spending on the 16" version. There are however serious hardware problems with this device. I have had 3 of these MacBooks in the past and have only had problems with all of them in fact, many problems. I have been to the apple store in Basel twice already and the technicians there sometimes have little knowledge.The great software experience with apple is however still keeping me in the ecosystem. 
While there is really very little to say about most Apple products, this one is very nice indeed. I like the weight, size of the device and feel of the keys.I would like more I/O options and less reliance on cable dongles, but they want it clean, so you can get it dirty your way.I hate it when my Apple products become unsupported, so it is a relief not to have to worry about that for a few years.Power supply situation might be on the silly side, and I do like to have multiple power supplies.Screen is very pleasant and beautiful.I like this device a lot. I am not a fan of Apple so this in itself is a positive review. 
This is my first Mac and I made the switch because we have iPhones, iPads, and Apple TV. It is seamless working with the other Apple products and even the ability to use my iPad Pro as a second wireless screen for the Mac is amazing. This Mac does it all- quickly and efficiently. In fact so well I haven’t worried so much about the limited ports. The battery life is also great- I work all day and the battery outlasts me.For someone transistioning to a Mac, it is an adjustment- the language etc is “common sense.” For example- it isn’t Delete but Move to Trash. Once you retool your thinking it is wonderful. 
Bought this in October 2019 and returned it in a few days after it could NOT handle editing RAW photos in the native Photos app or Lightroom. The moment I would hit edit, the fan(s) would go high speed and the system would freeze forever. Tried it again and again but to no success. My late 2012 MacBook Pro (still have it) can still edit RAW photos like a charm and this one can’t. So disappointed.This is just an Air with a touch-bar and Pro name attached to it. I would only recommend this for users that do basic stuff like browsing, document editing, presentations etc. go for the stronger processor if you want anything more or an iMac. 
I bought this a week ago and its has been amazing. I was a bit concernedabout the Touch Bar and keyboard before buying it but it has been great. the Touch Bar is very easy to get used to. The downside is the storage, fas long you are not doing too many video edits and photoshops, you can't really go wrong with this laptop. However I do recommend upgrading to the 256 GB Mac Pro or buying an external ssd if you are concerned about storage. The battery life is amazing lasts nearly a two solid days on one full charge and the Mac OS is flawless. purchasing a dongle would be ideal as it only has usb-c ports. But other than that its a great reliable laptop. 
I love this computer! I haven't used a Mac in a few years, but mostly everything is the same and it was easy to pick up on. The keyboard and trackpad are very clicky, and have a very solid feel. The trackpad is also huge, with a lot of functions like zoom, notifications, etc. The screen is beautiful and speakers loud and crisp. So far, it's been extremely fast. With multiple programs and tabs open, it still responds quickly. I've used it to edit a few pictures on Lighroom, and it doesn't even sound like the fans are kicking on. Amazing. So glad I finally got this! 
I bought this MacBook Pro around a month back and so far it has been great. The Mac OS as expected has been very smooth and reliable. The Keyboard and the Touch Bar did take a few days to get used to other than that it is a great laptop. I highly recommend it to anyone. However for people who are worried about the storage I suggest purchasing an external SSD as it will be a lot cheaper than upgrading built in SSD. The retina display is beautiful as expected from Apple Macs. The battery is quite good it lasts me a whole day with 30 to 40% to spare. The downside is its ports. but that can be sorted with the purchase of a good adaptor 
I have had a MacBook since 2012. I absolutely loved this laptop, but I needed an upgrade with school and a full-time job on the laptop. So I decided to buy this bad-boy. And let me say, I am so pleased! I never thought that the touch bar would be that useful, but after just a few hours of working on here, I don't ever want to have one that doesn't have it. The touch ID is amazing and so helpful. And the migration assistance between my Macs was flawless. I barely had to set anything up! If you are questioning or on the fence, I suggest you do it. I have no regrets and I am so pleased with my purchase! 
I typically love everything Apple. I previously out the older generation MacBook Air and decided to upgrade, well that was a huge mistake. I've had nothing but issues! The computer shuts off randomly, the volume stops working and I have to restart the computer, and the battery is terrible. I highly suggest purchasing the older model when it's on sale. I didn't start having problem until after the return period so I'm stuck with this. I absolutely hate it! I wish I had purchased this through Costco, at least then I would be able to return this garbage or at least exchange it. 
Awesome laptop. Yes, you can purchase a Windows laptop with better specs, but the build quality and overall user experience of this Apple machine are just outstanding. Touch ID works exactly like on my iPhone (not those buggy sensors on the other laptops). The display is great. The TouchPad is the best I've ever used, very similar to iPhone touchscreen experience, very smooth and precise. I just don't understand why Win laptops manufacturers can't figure out how to make a great touchpad. It is very light and compact and the battery life is awesome as well. Very happy with my purchase 
I previously owned a MacBook Pro for 8 years. I wasn't having any problem with it except it was running a little slow, but I thought it was time to replace it. All of my Word files and Photos transferred to my new Mac and I'm back in business. My only complaint is that it came with a "Free year of Apple TV". What I didn't know was that there was a stipulation that you upgrade the Mac operating system to Catalina. Since Catalina does not work with 32 bit apps, plus multiple tech people telling me of the problems with Catalina, I chose to stay with the previous version, Mojave. So, I didn't get the free year that was advertised. That was my only disappointment. 
My Wife and I were still using a 2011 MacBook Air that was having power issues for the past 6 months and was leaning on our Mac Mini more. Wasn’t sure about the CPU but read a few reviews and was at peace with the base CPU (Quad Core i5 / base clock 1.4Ghz / WITH HyperThreading) in this model - boy were the reviews right! This thing has a great screen and performs like a champ. I don’t have too many qualms with the much maligned butterfly keyboard and touchbar- though my wife made a comment on the loudness of the keyboard within 24 hours of having it. Overall this is a solid machine and has been great for casual photo management and editing (RAW image processing from a Sony A6000) and great with web browsing and productivity apps. 
This is the first Mac that I have used. I have only ever had a Lenovo and was skeptical to switch to apple despite having all other apple devices. I wasn't sure if I wanted to take the chance on hating it (since its so expensive) just to have the added perks of all of my devices connecting together. However, after hearing enough good reviews from friends I decided to switch and it was the best decision! It is such a nice computer. I love the slimness of it as well as the speed and applications. It sure is nice to have all of my devices connected together as well! I would say that the only downside is how expensive it was but I would have to say that it is worth it. 
I have gone through 3 computers of this model in the past 3 weeks. 1st one- was dying at 70%. 2nd one- one of the charging ports weren't working. Now on my third. Everything is working.. great. Then a screen flickers every so often. First, I think I am imagining it- but nope- it keeps happening. Best buy- how are you getting away selling faulty laptops? Is it because I purchased it on sale for Black Friday? My previous laptop was also from best buy and lasted me a wonderful 4 years. I am SO disappointed by Best Buy in this case. Can't wait to return my laptop and purchase directly from Apple or Costco instead. 
Owned 1st Mac back in early nineties. Easy operation then, but switched due to expensive programs. Purchased this MacBook Pro after 8 years of trouble free use of Asus laptop. Having too many issues with windows 10 and decided to give Apple a try. Wife has 4 year old MacBook Pro which she purchased use from Apple and it operates flawlessly and fast. Unfortunately the new MacBook Pro are more expensive and com with less features for the money, but that's Apple. Still ease of operation and. speed make It worth while. Sill adjusting to change 
I had a windows surface book for 4 years and was ready to upgrade. For what I do and what I need my laptop for I needed top notch quality control and compatibility with all my peripherals. I tried a razer book stealth but it had horrible driver issues and the surface book 2 was too expensive to not have thunderbolt. I decided to try macos and everything so far has been flawless. Since they came out with the lower prices touch bar models it's not unreasonably expensive. Also found out the quad core i5 runs at the same wattage as it's more expense counterpart in the model closer to $2000. Amazing deal! 
I was in need for a laptop since college started. Always wondered if I wanted to get a MacBook or stay with windows. Unfortunately, bestbuy had the best deal out of everywhere on Black Friday. I decided to go with the MacBook, however, there were minor issues where the MacBook would turn off by itself after it hits certain battery percentages. I took it to best buy and they gave me an exchange right away. It was great knowing that without having to go through problems. The MacBook is perfectly fine and runs so much faster. If you’re looking for a laptop that could do school work but also you could use it to enjoy then MacBook is the way to go. 
I had a MacBook Air. I’m a school counselor so I’m not editing videos and doing much fancy stuff, but that Air was too slow and just felt fragile and weak. This pro is completely different and a huge improvement. I also really like the feel of the butterfly keys that so many others hate. I like the size and weight of this computer as well as the power. I have tons of documents- everything from undergrad and grad school in addition to all my lesson plans. I am in no danger of running out of space. It’s the perfect laptop for me and I’m so happy with my purchase! 
I finally broke down and replaced by 8 year old MacBook Pro that served me [reasonably] well for a long time. I'm kicking myself for not doing the upgrade sooner. This computer is so sleek and feels great. The touch pad I at first thought was excessive and unnecessary prior to the laptop arriving, but now after using it I think it's incredible and don't know how I lived without it for so long. It's nice to have a computer that boots instantly and doesn't give me the spinning wheel of death everything I try to switch between windows.Finally I won't have to be embarrassed and explain that my computer is ancient when I share my screen on Zoom! 
I purchased it when there was a black friday sale and within a few days of receiving it the screen would go full-on purple once in a while and it lags very very very bad, like to the point when the entire thing freezes and I have to force restart, keep in mind its only 5 days old. so I called the customer service and they sent me a new one as a replacement. And guess what, the second one wouldn`t even turn on! I had to keep it plugged in to keep it on and once I unplug it, it dies right away, I didn`t even make it through the language selection at setup before it completely froze! I`m returning both, and quitting Apple. Apple`s quality has declined so so much in recent years, I had to return a new Ipad Air 2019 a week ago that was only 1 month old because the battery started having issues. I love Apple and I`m very sad it`s probably my forever goodbye. Less
incredibly light, powerful and excellent retina display and stereo sound is impeccable. I could not be happier. A huge step up from my previous 13 Macbook Pro. The new Touch Bar system is genius and makes every application much more functional and efficient to use. Apple's new keyboard system feels much better - shorter key travel, quieter and comfortable than the old keyboards. The 13 is the perfect all-round computer. I bring it with me everywhere I go. Apple has hit the nail on the head with this new model. 
I work full time and I am about to start a masters degree program so I needed a new lap top for two reasons. 1.) at work I am constantly moving around and this product is light and easy to handle. It’s quick so I can pull up any documents I need, all while having my iTunes on in the background. The battery is great too, I can use it all day. 2.) when it comes to school I need to have multiple tabs open, word documents, PDF files, videos playing , and it’s still fast. Again the battery life is terrific. I have an iPhone and Apple Watch so I can set reminders and they pop up on my screen. 
Coming from a windows OS my whole life. MacOS is very easy to learn and use. Probably never buying a Windows again after using a Mac. Solid build quality. Definitely one of the best laptops I ever purchased. I have no issues with the keyboard at all and I actually like the feel of the keys when typing. Trackpad is amazing. GF has recently purchased the Hwawei Matebook Pro which seems like a copy of the Windows version. Was considering the 2 as my options. They’re very similar as far as the build quality but I now am a Mac fan for life. 
My daughter has had several laptops by other name brands, then she got my wife's hand-me-down Macbook Pro. There is no comparison to the other laptops for functionality, dependability and quality, even using the old Mac compared to new other brands. She goes off to college in the fall and we wanted her to have the latest and greatest Macbook pro. This one fills the bill and does not disappoint. She is thrilled and took to Catalina like a duck to water. Had to buy a rose gold hard shell and keyboard overlay to make it her's. Apple does it again, and she is happy. As are we. 
This Apple - MacBook Pro - 13 is way over rated for the price!The Apple iPhone are more user friendly and perhaps more bang for the buck! The App Store on this MacBook appears to be limited, more so than the iPhone . The controls for the WebCam were hard to find, especial the volume for the microphone.Comparing this to other lap tops you are paying for the name "APPLE"! For what this MacBook cost you cold buy another brand laptop with almost if not all the whistles and bells you'll need.Actually bought this to go with the iPhone and iTunes, big mistake. 
I recently switched over from a Microsoft Surface Pro after making the switch back to iPhone. As an initial test, I used the Macbook for work and absolutely loved it. I was watching 10+ hours of video a day and the battery life was substantially better than my Surface Pro. Not to mention, quickly switching between tabs with the command + tab was smooth and quick. I was pleasantly surprised when I could answer phone calls from my laptop (I wasn't aware of this feature when I bought it) and found the quality to be fantastic. Incredibly satisfied with my purchase. 
This is my second MacBook. My first one was a MacBook Air and I loved it. Since I have to use it to work in a daily basis, I need a better processor and a better display. Then I decide to upgrade to a MacBook Pro, which is more powerful to do my design works!+ Fast, easy to get started, and suitable for taking it with you because it's not heavy at all.+ MacBook (the MacOS system) has the best user experience.+ Get a better price at MediaMarkt than buying it at Apple official website.- There are only 2 USB-C ports, so I have to buy extra adapter for transferring to USB and HDMI ports. 
Not a huge fan of this laptop. The keyboard is better than the last iteration, but not nearly as good as the old "scissors" keyboards. I find the Touch Bar a useless gimmick. I would much rather have the traditional esc key, volume buttons, and monitor brightness buttons. In fact, I would pay more for a MacBook Pro that did not have the Touch Bar! I would still recommend the MacBook Pro as I personally like MacOS better than Windows. But from a hardware perspective, it is a downer compared to my past Mac laptops. 
I bought a new new network (modem & router), a new computer (Mac) and Apple TV. I'm satisfied with new network and computer. Apple TV was an expensive mistake. You must download an app from the Apple Store for everything -even PBS for $2.99 (I can get PBS for free with an antenna). I wanted to stream live TV through Youtube TV. Guess what, Apple TV does not allow Youtube TV. I made the mistake of buying item and not installing right away (vacation) to find out that Apple TV is just an expensive way to download app from Apple Store. I would not not recommend Apple TV even if it was free. 
Setup of a new Mac worked so easily in terms of synchronising files previously moved from my PC. Needs some care in the settings in terms of syncing photos / data from icloud to prevent using all of the limited disc space. Very pleased on usability and speed when using for office and web apps. With base model disc (128GB) options are to store data in the cloud or from a local external disc - I chose the cloud (hence reliant on online connectivity but eliminates need for local backups). Really nice screen - I haven't missed the lack of touch screen but it seems to be the only omission for the spec of the Macbook Pro range. 
Never owned a laptop and needed one for daily use, especially for typing. This one has a little extra for video and photos, so that’s a bonus. Since I got it during the Black Friday sale, I didn’t mind the price tag. It’s definitely one of the best quality made, but only downside, we’ll see how it holds, is its memory. Most likely I will buy an adapter to store docs separately via memory card or USB, also photos, etc...However for what it is, it’s awesome. Note battery won’t last full day if it’s on full use, but it works for sure a great 8 hrs for when you need it on the go. 
This is my second MacBook Pro. I did not know that it had no portal for CDs. I had to purchase a CD drive. It only had two jacks, one for power and the other for whatever. Nothing to accommodate a printer cable, TV cable, etc. Another purchase. So add about $200 to my purchase from you. Hurray! Just what I did not need. It is lightening fast but there is a learning curve as to what you can or cannot do and whether you will have to purchase additional software in the near future. Isn't technology wonderful???!!! 
I bought my Macbook pro 2019 baseline a week ago and it works very well, running many apps smoothly. I don't play games on my mac. It has two visible problems, one is the huge top bezel which is utterly unnecessary. I don't use the camera ever and have no idea why should so much screen real estate and design beauty should be sacrificed for that. The second thing is the keyboard, which doesn't feel as the best keyboard ever given that I work as a translator and programmer. But this is a very good laptop overall, better than good but still not great. 
I switched from using a windows laptop to buying an Apple MacBook Pro. I researched it carefully and the advantages outweighed the disadvantages. I was so disappointed in my last laptop purchase only 2 YEARS AGO (slow processor, laptop freezing, constantly calling Geek Squad, etc), I decided to invest in a RELIABLE laptop that had great reviews. There was a bit of a learning curve going from Windows to IOS, but that's what's getting me excited about this laptop. It's quick and the storage is more than sufficient for home use (256gb). So far, this is the BEST laptop purchase that is worth every penny! 
Was deciding between the 2019 base model MacBook Air and Pro and ultimately decided upon the Pro. With it being just a couple hundred more bucks than the air you can't go wrong with this laptop as it is future proofed for years to come. The screen is legit amazing and crystal clear and so are the speeds and battery life. I'm a beginning computer science major student and this laptop is definitely fast enough for my word processing and school related activities. I know it will be able to get through my next years of college with ease. Would highly recommend to any other college students out there. 
The operating system on macs are unmatched. It was extremely easy to learn and is able to handle multiple programs at a time. It has been a lifesaver through nursing school. The only thing I can say is if it’s not placed on a hard surface, it will get very hot. Do not place it on your lap for extended periods of time. The touchbar is tailored specifically for whatever page or application you are using. It’s very convenient for things like Spotify or safari. Overall it was worth every penny. 
It's so much easier to be productive on this computer, as the trackpad is enormous and contributes to the multitasking experience with gestures.The only concern I had was the keyboard as I'm used to something with a lot more travel when typing. However, it's still pleasant to type on it and pretty quiet. Still concerned about it bugging out because of dust getting stuck underneath it.Sound is amazing and for pretty much anything I throw at it, it does it fast. 25 chrome tabs + Spotify and VS code? no problem. 
Bought to replace a 2011 15 inch Macbook Pro. This feels so light in comparison. The touch bar is a fantastic addition that I'm sure is going to be very useful. The build quality is excellent and the set up couldn't be easier. I love it! I'd also like to thanks John Lewis for their fantastic customer service in these very challenging times. From ordering to delivery took about 36 hours. 2 years' free cover and discounted windows software too. The best deal out there. Stay safe everyone x 
I’m new to Mac with this purchase. Got it for the ease of use and compact size accompanied by quality build features. I know older models had keyboard complaints, as of now I don’t see any issue. Key travel is a little short but still a nice feel.My only complaints are that you can easily get faster processors and more memory for a cheaper price on windows based systems.Overall though I am happy with the Mac operating system and enjoy the laptop. If they weren’t so in demand, I’m sure the cost would be much lower. 
.My friend daughter wanted a Macbook Pro for Christmas. I searched online for three days for this laptop, the prices at these companies were really high, some offered refurbished Macbook Pros, with a price that did not fit my budget. I remembered seeing computers on B&H's website, I seen a new mid 2019 Macbook Pro within my budget. Purchasing it was simple. I recieved it two days later, it was packaged very good. Christmas day as my friend daughter opened her present, she burst into tears of excitement. I will be shopping at B&H for now on, quality products, reasonable price, site was easy to navigate, and checkout was simple. 
Wasn’t sure what to replace my older Mac mini with and decided to go the MacBook Pro. So far very pleased, have connect to 4K monitor and docking station. I use it docked most of the time, with luxury of taking it with me when needed. The MacBook switches over from built in display and external monitor without any problems. Even works great with both screens when needed. I even use the Touch Bar more than I thought I would when it is not docked. Only thing I keep wanting to do is touch the screen, but the pad gestures work great once you start using them. 
Have owned and used mac stuff forever. Didn't need anything as high-powered as I used to since I don't do as much high-end graphic stuff anymore. Mostly needed something to record and edit relatively simple audio. This works fine for that. Typical mac. Nicely designed. Works well and easily. Beautiful display. Overpriced. Will see how the much maligned keyboard holds up. Fine for now, but will be sure to get Apple Care before the first year is up. 
I'm not a editor of any sort, but this MacBook Pro has been perfect for me since I'm integrated into the Apple eco system. Between my Apple Watch, iPhone, AirPods, the MacBook works so well with all of other tech. I typically use my MacBook for internet surfing, word documentation, and listening to music. I purchased a MacBook Air previous, but I was disappointed by the battery life and returned it. But this 13" MacBook Pro has great battery life even having a Quad-Core processor. I don't regret buy this machine for my lifestyle! 
First time owning a Mac book after using my wife’s for a while love it. Especially the Touch Bar it makes using it much easier. Long battery life better screen and display.Only thing I miss is the usb 2.0 not included. Have to buy another accessory for it.Laptop comes with a USB C charger wish it came with the magnetic tip charger for the older version which I think is much safer and prevents tripping over the charger and dragging the laptop with you.Longer charger would have been a plus. 
I upgraded from the mid-2012 MacBook Pro to the 2019 MacBook Pro. BEST purchase ever! I bought it during the early "Black Friday" sales. It costed me $1099. I love the touch bar. I love the track pad and the buttons better on the new computer. Much smaller than mid-2012 version. Lighter and easy to carry around with you. The screen is much better and less blurry. The reason I upgraded is because my mid-2012 computer was showing the spiny wheel of death ALL the time. 
Do not let the 128 gb ssd fool you. External SSDs are a necessity in most MacBook pros, and they are becoming more affordable to buy.With the dual-core, this machine can reach upwards of 3.6GHz from the 2.3GHz advertised.Light, slim, and fast. The screen is beautiful. The bootcamp feature allows you to separate the storage, allowing you to have access to windows right from your Mac.This can easily be upgraded, saving you money from buying a higher end model. 
Best Buy has great tech people and are extremely helpful and patient. This is my first apple computer---MacBook Pro 13". I am learning and when I have a ? I go to store. I have a 4K tv and a 4K phone so why not. a 4K computer. What really sold me on Apple portables is that they drive 4K monitors, which is basically impossible in Windows world. Yesterday I purchased LG ultra fine 24" 4K monitor. Yesterday was first day monitor was available. I can't wait to use with my MacPro. ( a portable I-Mac. LOL). 
The transition from my 2011 iMac was quite easy, and I'm not very techy at all! I purchased this with a 28" monitor for home use and a hub so I can unplug it and go. I got it set up quickly and the improvement from High Sierra, where the 2011 stop updating, was enormous. The Twin Falls ID Best Buy store has a great Apple rep, Jordan, who spent time with me on several different days before I could make the decision to move forward. On a day when Jordan wasn't in another salesperson, I wished I remembered her name, got a Geek Squad guy to come out and answer some other questions for me. All around a nice buying experience for me. 
A beautiful computer that’s easy to use. It has a ton of fun features for entertainment and business needs. Light weight yet durable. The Touch Bar is an amazing addition that makes the computer even more fun and easy to use! This computer doesn’t take long to charge at all. I was on 30% plugged it up and was at 100% within the hour. Overall great computer with a beautiful display. Would definitely recommend! 
I own pretty much all Apple products just because they use to be the best and everything works fine. I m very disappointed with new MacBook Pro. Made very cheaply starting from simple magnetic power connections to housing back light apple logo missing to OS system.Nothing works like it used to. It took me two calls to Apple support and four hours of my time on Friday afternoon to get brand new MacBook Pro working. The only thing that didn?t change is price. I?m very disappointed and will think twice about buying anything else from Apple.Apple quality is disappearing sadly. 
Received MacBook Pro brand new sealed carton. Opened it up and it had a scratch on the top. Brand new sealed carton from the factory I guess they just missed that scratch. I was not concerned about it because I knew I was going to put a cover on it anyway. I don’t blame B&H because it was a sealed carton. The MacBook Pro is lightning fast compared to my PC laptop. Easy to set up connect with my iPhone and iPad no problem. I would recommend a MacBook Pro to anyone who’s looking for a quality laptop. 
Upgraded from a MacBook Air. Slid that one over to my wife. Super fast. I like the Apple OS. I use Win at work, so I boot camped the pro to ease talking to my work stuff remotely. Since I’m a rudimentary typist (ie, 1 finger) the butterfly keyboard is just fine. The screen is great. We like watching tv in bed with this pro because the image and sound is so good, and the book is so light. Great Apple product and 300$ off Best Buy sale. Hard to beat 
My prior computer use has been with PC:s. For MacBook I had to change factory software updates to restrict normal uncontrolled operating systems updates. My normal locations has a limited data use allowance. Obtaining updates when at a location with ample data access is very easy and straight forward to do.I find MacBook system of displaying available tasks, functions and settings visible on screen, makes it very easy to move from one to another, and make the desired changes as you go.I have found changing from my former computer system to MacBook exceptionally easy. 
I needed a new home use laptop for school and personal use. Don't use it for games or anything, but as someone that has been using galaxy phones and PC's their entire life the switch was painless. Laptop runs amazingly quickly and is a lot more user friendly than I was expecting. If the longevity of the laptop owns up to its predecessors than I will definitely continue to be ecstatic about this buy. Definitely upgrade your memory though, 125GB is not enough for anyone that uses their laptop on a regular basis. 
This was my first Mac and I was very nervous about spending so much having always had £300-£500 windows laptops but I've no regrets.It's the small things that you wouldn't notice just trying one in a shop, like how premium the shell is or how superb the trackpad feels to use. I also very quickly appreciated how clean and hassle free MacOS is to use day to day.I took the 0% interest finance option and it took just a couple of phone calls and was all sorted within an hour. One thing that isn't clear on the site but is useful to know is that the deposit is flexible. I think there's a minimum of 10% but you can put as much down as you like to reduce the amount borrowed and your monthly payments. 
Purchased with the expectation of lasting 10 years. 13.3 screen size is more sufficient than I thought. I’m a bigger guy. Touch Bar comes in handy in a lot of small surprising ways. It is a quick decision to use it, not second nature yet. ONLY ISSUE...The battery is not amazing..have your cord close...Delivers about the specified hours. Air may be better(battery) Good Quality, great display, speakers nice, operating speed good for me.... 
It is a great personal computer. Went with the touch bar and 256gb because it was on sale. Definitely go with more storage because nowadays to back up your phone you will need at least 128gb. The color displays are great and the machine can run multiple apps at once without a hitch. The USB attachment is sold separately though I feel that for the price it should have been included because the attachment is not cheap and you need it since there is nowhere to plug in you phone or iPad if you are a cables person but I see how they are pushing their cloud. 
First mac upgrade in a few years. I was a little concerned that Apple are going too far down the wemake-profit-over-quality route since they have become more popular but overall it's a very good laptop at a reasonable price.Super lightweight and a pleasure to use.It has frozen momentarily a couple of times, mainly with new catalina features (sidecar especially).Be better if they came with full RAM slots by default and Apple caught up with touchscreen tech in their laptops.But, generally all good. 
I'm a slave to the MacBook, what can I say? I've had a 2011 all this time and it's really nice how light the 2019 is, the keyboard takes a little getting used to though. The touchbar honestly is pretty great, read a lot of reviews saying people didn't like it but I think it's pretty handy if I can't remember the shortcut for something. I thiiiink the 8 gigs of RAM will be enough for me, but KNOW THIS, Apple now permanently attaches things like RAM to the guts of the laptop, so don't buy this thinking that you'll upgrade with second hand RAM. Also you don't get any Best Buy points for apple products which I didn't know. 
Before moving from you older 32-bit MacBook, be aware that most of your software won’t port over to the new laptop, which is a 64-bit machine. Thinking about upgrading memory and storage? Forget about it. Apple has taken in the stance that we’re going to charge you 30% premium over PCs with equal capabilities and on top of that, you can’t update the hardware. Don’t get me wrong, beautiful to look at and to use, but you’re better off with a high-end PC. If you know a tech geek, they can even convert it to run Mac OS for you. 
I'm so thankful I waited before buying my next Macbook Pro. I watched review videos. For the money, this is the best choice. It is fast and quick. Just the right laptop for my needs. I do not do any photo or video editing. Mainly I use this for browsing, email, documents, online transactions, business.2 things I love about this piece of tech are the fast processing and the light weight/portability.No regrets. 
In terms of performance the MBP is no slouch. I'm able to run Windows and Linux VMs with no issues. Build quality is fantastic and the battery life is very good. I get about 10 hours when using Safari for web browsing and writing documents. The screen is very sharp and crisp. The True Tone screen really helps prevent eye strain. The keyboard has very little travel but has a tactile clicky feel to it, which I like. 
This is the only, ONLY computer that would satisfy my daughter as she prepares to head off to University. She was using my wife's hand-me-down 2012 MacBook Pro that is having screen challenges (blinking). She had researched all the options, knew the capabilities of this new MacBook and wanted the Touch Bar to increase her ease of use. This Macbook did not disappoint, although I did have to buy her a rose gold case since the Pro doesn't come naturally in that color. Go figure. The price and speed of delivery by B&H was spot on, as usual. 
Apple makes the best laptops...yes, even for Windows users! MacOS is much more stable and secure. Essential apps are all free. OS upgrades are easy (vs. Windows or Linux!!) The only reason I returned this laptop is to purchase the more powerful one with 2.4Ghz CPU and 512 GB storage. Even the base model is responsive and great for CPU-intensive apps. I use for Windows and Linux laptops for work but I prefer Apple's laptops and MacOS. 
I had a 2012 15" Macbook Pro until it finally died before this purchase. As an audio engineer, I was thinking the sound of the 13" Macbook Pro would be a downgrade, but they sound awesome. I love the size for portability. I would highly suggest investing in a USB-C/Thunderbolt 3 docking station for all your connection needs. The touch ribbon is extremely useful and the build quality of this laptop is amazing. Hopefully, this one will last at least 8 years as well! 
Over this is probably the best Macbook I've owned over the last three years. I was blazing fast, Catalina is a great OS and the battery life and screen were amazing. If you can pick one up on sale I would recommend it. I can not give it a 5-star rating due to the horrible keyboard that Apple continues to use on these laptops. Also, the storage configurations are a joke. Great machine but not worth it unless you pick one up on sale. 
This was an upgrade for me from a 2012 MacBook Air which still worked perfectly fine. But I wanted something more powerful and modern. I was deciding between a new Air and the Pro, and after reading the reviews it was clear that for the extra few hundred dollars the Pro was the better device. And it has not let me down. Fast, great display, cool touch bar, unlock vis touch ID or just by wearing my Apple Watch. Highly recommend this Pro! 
This will be my 3rd MacBook Pro in about 10 years (accidentally damaged the last one on my own, nothing to do with Apple/the computer itself) and by far my favorite model yet. The Touch Bar is a really cool feature once you learn how to utilize all the functions properly, especially when using apps such as Microsoft Word. This computer is super lightweight and fast, making it easy to take/use on the go. My only complaint is that the there's only Thunderbolt ports/you have to buy extra adapters, not looking forward to having to always carry those around in case I need them. 
I use a MBP everyday at work so that's what I prefer to use at home also, as well as what I'd like my son to use now that he's interested in getting into web design and music production. So far this new MBP is working out very well. It's a step up from my work MBP and a huge leap up from my mid-2010 MBP that I still use at home for my dj software. About the only thing I don't like yet is only having the two USB-C ports and having to connect a hub so I can hook up my external HD, Maschine, and any other non USB-C devise I still use. I love that the new track pad is huge and like the new button style keyboard. MBP4LIFE! 
This is my first MacBook and I decided to go for a MacBook as my previous Dell laptop's hardware broke (the model had some issue for all users as well).Since I am looking for a laptop for regular usage, I was looking for something that lasts for at least 5 years without some glitch. From my research MacBook seemed to be the best option for speed and longevity, both!From my usage of the laptop for the past 10 days, I have no complaints but praises. I hope it won't give me any chances to write any complaints back here. 
Finally had the courage to make the switch and boy am I glad. This is one really good device. I've been a PC guy all my life, except for having an iPhone, so this was an exciting time. Not one regret, it's been a pleasure learning all the "differences" between these two systems. I've owned it for a week now and everyday is a new learning experience. After much research, I decided on Malwarebytes and passed on the free Micro Trend that came with my purchase. Mac 4 life !!! 
Just by opening the Mac, it was just amazing to me, with the new Apple keyboard and very assisting Touchbar, nothing could be more perfect than this Laptop. It downloads really fast , for anyone that needs multiple apps at a time. Has a very good outline, and the weight is great. The touchbar comes in handy when I use apps that text other people I love how the all the emojis I use are located just above your fingertips, Apple certainly made the new macbook more efficient and exciting! Just love it! 
I haven't used much as I still have to buy MS Suite and planning to buy Norton Antivirus, but I really enjoy what I've seen so far. I forgot how small a 13 inch screen is as I use 21 inch computers at work. This is my first MAC so still learning how to use, but love the features so far. I like that I can take a call while I'm browsing. I can't wait to use it for photo/video editing. Would definitely buy again, but maybe go with a bigger screen. I need bifocals for this one! 
I’ve been a long time fan of Apple. I started with a 2010 MacBook Pro and I just upgraded to this for my last year of college. It appealed to me because of my experiences with Apple. It’s very slim and light which is what I need in my backpack. The Touch Bar is a pretty neat but it’s very sensitive. I keep hitting Siri when I’m trying to hit the backspace. Only real complaint is the lack of USB slots. There are two USBC slots. You can get a USBC to USB converter but it just makes it bulky in my opinion. 
Hi, we’re Apple. You should feel privileged we’re selling you this expensive computer that is two generations behind the latest processor. Oh, you want more than 128GB hard drive? Please give us your first born to upgrade.Like the title says, I love MacOS but hate Apple. If this was just running Win10, the hardware woulkd be considered out of date in spite of the new butterfly keyboard, which still feels cheap. 
I bought this product a month ago and was so happy with my purchase. Never ever used Apple in my life but the macbook hasn't left me feeling doubtful. The quality of this product is excellent and by this I mean the screen, the sound and images are all shown in intense, bright colours. Also, the touch bar in macbook pro is so convenient and so easy to use! I would definitely recommend buying one of these and you won't be disappointed! I'm sure it will last for a long time:) 
Works great most of the time. Already having keyboard and software issues. Been on the phone with Apple and have to make an appointment. Key caps are manufactured with defects the U key has a bump in it and you can see the light coming through from underneath. “see photo” and sticking delete key. Computer also won’t update apps and software. Over a decade with Apple products. Pretty disappointed and hoping to get this resolved. Only 3 weeks old. 
I bought this laptop a little over a month ago. I used to have an old macbook air & figured it was time for an upgrade. I’m so glad I did it! It looks beautiful and works even better. I love the touchbar and how clear the screen is. I’m a student so I use it for homework a lot & with everything that is going on right now, I have online classes. Camera quality is great for zoom. So far I’ve had no issues and it’s been my favorite purchase! 
I bought this computer for my daughter. I have always loved Apple products and they work well. My daughters late 2017 model MacBook Pro had the screen issue. This is where the lines go across the screen and make see your work difficult. Like I said I like Apple products but I will not get another Apple computer for myself. The screen issue is a known defect and Apple chose to look the other way. Poor customer service is the reason for the 3 stars. 
This laptop is perfect for the college student that isn"t sure what they want to do with life yet. my sister is going to college and she has little film classes where she needs to edit videos 1080p videos nothing too strenuous this laptop has enough processing power for that and then more. The way the laptop works seemlesly with her iphone is also a feature that she loves. the display looks great for her netflix viewing and the size at 13" is the perfect size and weight for when she walking around campus all day. 
Buyers need to be aware that the new MacBook Pro doesn’t have ports. There’s no where to put usb or sd cards in. It only has 2 usb-c ports which is for the charging cable. This makes the kit that comes with it completely incompatible. Was told to send back everything for a refund when the MacBook itself is fine but the accessories don’t match. Why couldn’t they just send me compatible accessories? I’m not sure but it’s very aggravating. 
Well worth the price for a super quality product! Tired of retiring laptops after only a few short years of use due to their increasing amount issues. This laptop is built very well and has all the bells and whistles. Live the ease of pairing with my iPhone so pictures are automatically safely stored. First apple laptop but have found it super easy to learn and navigate. Will never own another brand of laptop again, I love it! 
Bought this laptop for my granddaughters 16th birthday. It far exceeded her expectations. Apple really has it down. She is in 10th grade high school and we expect the purchase to take us through college. Her teachers all raved about this being a great choice for a student. She is extremely happy with the way the laptop performs. It has a very quick response time and is easy to navigate. Thank you Apple!. 
Love it, I am by far more impressed by this model MacBook Pro than I was by my previous MacBook pro which was a 2014 model. And I was in love with that one too. The Touch Bar is an awesome new addition to the MacBook Pro that I never anticipated, so it was a great surprise. I would definitely recommend this model MacBook to anyone that is in the market for a dependable, fast and just all together fantastic laptop. It might not be cheap, but remember you get what you pay for. ;-) 
Coming from a Windows surface and Alienware M15 this macbook pro is quick. I still find myself googling issues.The biggest Is about the software is mouse pointer disappears and I have to switch multiple windows before it reappears. I love it for keynote and messages. Wish facebook and instagram apps and other iPhone apps were available. I’m honestly surprised and very disappointed this point about the apps. 
I needed a laptop like now. I knew only Mac would do. Great salesman. Only complaint is that no one makes a laptop that you can hardwire to the net. Everything is wireless. Unfortunately, not all wireless signals are strong at all times like when hardwired to the wall and when working remote from home, that is necessary. Salesman fixed me up with a nice doohickey to compensate for Apple's unfortunate distaste for computer inlets. 
I’m an electrical engineer and have been a windows guy my entire life. Decided to go ahead and try a Mac since I already had iPhone and Apple Watch. I love my Mac. It was super easy to migrate to from my old windows machine and the integrations with my other Apple devices truly are seemless. Don’t know that I’ll ever go back. BestBuy associate was extremely helpful and steered me to the best product for my needs, not just the most expensive. 
I used to have the 15" Macbook Pro. While in a perfect world, it was nice to have that bigger screen, it was so much heavier and bigger. I love how small and light this computer is. Makes it really easy to stick in a backpack or bag. I bring my computer from home to work and occasionally travel with it, so this lighter, smaller size is making things so much easier. Not sure I can go back to the larger size. 
Your laptop can become a Best Friend !It will always do as you wish, complement any text with instant corrections, liven any conversation with ease n? speed, it loves games, n? can have fun joining in as needed... can keep track of all upcoming appointments, order a special coffee or help pick a dinning reservation for a special?one on one? outing. help with obtaining pertinent info when searching for that perfect car... help select seeds or bulbs for the garden... n? could go on n? on...my message is...?GO FOR IT?. !! 
My fiancé is a teacher and her work laptop is very dated. I was on the fence about making the purchase with our wedding expenses, but the price drop on Cyber Monday plus 12 months no interest made my decision. It really helps her get things done. She’s been eyeballing them for months and was thrilled come Christmas morning. Very easy to use. Nice sleek look. Awesome features. Great battery life. 
I had always wanted a Mac since I was little but always worked with windows computers. When I first was going to buy this I was told I might have a hard time learning all the differences. I will admit its been hard but I LOVE IT! The keys on the Keyboard are Nice! Light weight and great picture and sound. Only thing I would say I don't like are the smudges when I tap the keys or screen. But other then that very fast and very easy to move from one program to another. 
I made the jump from Windows to iOS recently and will never go back. The Macbook Pro gets any job done. I run audio and lighting software like X32 edit, Ableton, Prime, ProPresenter, and Lightkey with no problem. The touch bar is impressively intuitive. However, I had to take my first one back and exchange because it would shut off unexpectedly at 34% and not turn back on until plugged in. I got a new one and have loved it every moment since 
I love it! I need my laptop mainly for school! Works really smoothly once I learned how to download all of what my school requires of me! Also, I play the Sims 4! So I needed a better computer! So I picked the computer with more memory to ensure of this! And it’s perfect! Such a clearer view than my 2013 Mid model was! Faster! Worth it! Fell in love with Mac AGAIN! Highly Recommend! 
Can’t go wrong with a Mac book Pro. I had purchased an air before this and I tried to edit my video content for my business and it overloaded it. So I exchanged for this Mac book Pro. Best decision I ever made it’s seamless now no lags and the screen is flawless such bright and vivid colors I love it. I also noticed the track pad is bigger on the pro than the air. I highly recommend this laptop if you’re going to be editing photos or video content. 
I love this laptop!! I have been a MacBook lover for years, but my last MacBook Pro was 9 years old and it was time for a new one. I really wanted the super expensive one but I couldn’t afford it so I got this one and I’m no longer disappointed about not getting the one I really wanted. This laptop is awesome!! It is perfect for my needs and is not a pain to lug around. The battery last forever but most things do when they were new...but I do love it and have no regrets about purchasing it. 
Excellent battery life, beautiful screen. Touch ID is awesome: log into all of your websites with the touch of your finger. Wasn't sure that the Touch Bar would be of any use, wrong. Makes a lot of things easier. Great keyboard too. Would just like a couple more ports, at least for an SD card if nothing else. Upgraded from a older Air, this is a better value than a new Air. 
unable to take my previous computer into geek squad purchased plan to transfer data due to covid shutdown. it's ok, understandable and necessary and important to socially distance. But... have not been able to get thru via phone to customer care as well. i am struggling with transition from my windows format to apple safari. so my review is: beautiful computer, awesome appearance. long battery life 
The MacBook Pro with Touch Bar has good sound quality if you don’t have external speakers. Easy set up with Microsoft windows and wireless printer connection. If you have other apple products, this computer is what you need. Running the latest OIS software, allow you to interact with othe apple devices with a breeze. Transferring pics and documents from an older Mac using the migrating feature to the new one made life easier. 
This is my first Mac Computer and so far it is living up to its reputation. I have been working on it for about 3 weeks now, and it can handle just as much as my work Mac can. I do mostly Illustrator and Photoshop work, emails and other stuff like that and it can handle everything i have thrown at it with great speed. B&H was great too. Very quick and easy same day pickup when other places were offering 3 week delivery estimates. Very happy customer here. Thank you! 
I recently upgraded to this Macbook from a 2015 Macbook air. Let me tell you, I am very happy with my purchase. I am still becoming used to the touch bar but so far have loved it. I have noticed that it gets hotter than my Macbook air after running a few different apps. Other than that, no complaints. Hope this one will last me for years to come. If you are looking for an Apple Mac and a first time user, this one will definitely be worth your time and money from what I have experienced.​ 
Pros:-Nice display-Compact, portable, thin-Fast-Touchbar is neat-Long-lasting battery life-Decent sounding speakers-Simple operating system; compatible with apple devicesCons:-Specs aren't the best for the price-Small SSD storage (will probably rely on iCloud storage a lot)-Adapters required to plug anything in that isn't USB-CConclusion: This is a decent laptop ideal for students and the casual user. The simplicity of the operating system along with the compact design provides a pleasant experience. If you don't mind settling for the lower SSD storage and an I5 processor, this laptop is definitely worth it. 
Everything I need rolled into one. Graphics great. Ram great. Hard drive great. Speed great. Most current model to has everything you need.I am very pleased and satisfied with it and feel it was the right choice. The little cost increase to get the most current version is well worth the investment.Highly recommended. 
MacBook Pro: The touch at is convenient even if you think you won’t use it, you will. The MacBook Pro is also really really fast also, that’s in comparison to my girlfriend’s MacBook Air. I enjoy the Siri capabilities and the fingerprint unlocking. The screen is really nice. The first thing I did was watch short animated films. The screen quality is A++. As far as the price I believed I received a great deal for what I got. 
This is my first Mac after over 30 years of being a Microsoft IT professional.My photo editing workflow and tools seem to be working faster. This might be because of the fact that this is just a newer more powerful laptop.The hardware is so robust and makes my old laptops feel like toys.I have yet to see how Ableton live and premiere pro work.I love how i can use my iPad Pro as a secondary monitor 
Been over a month since my purchase as I can’t say enough of this MacBook Pro. I last owned a $300 Toshiba 5 years ago and haven’t had a laptop since. Got a MacBook to pair with my IPhone XS Max and I understand now why it’s so hard to leave the ecosystem. Everything I want this little beast to do it does. I even run FL Studio (music creation program) with 15+ Tracks and 6ish plug-ins and run into ZERO slowdown.Best laptop I’ve ever owned to date! 
I have had this for approx a month and it has not disappointed.Good speed, very good graphics and easy transfer of system from my old Mac Air.I. Like the flexible touch keyboard bar which provides very easy access to a lot of functionality usually accessible via fn keys.My only request would be that USB 3 to USB C converter was standard in the box to facilitate data transfer from older systems.Very happy. 
This is my second MacBook Pro. My first one was stolen but absolutely love the capabilities of this laptop. So I decided to get the same one. I’m a full time student and have no issues creating files or presentations and converting into windows format. If you’re an Apple guy like me, then you’ll love that all your products are in sync. From iPhone, iWatch, AirPods, MacBook Pro, AppleTV, and iPad.... you can start on one device and finish on another device. 
This Macbook (pro 2019,i5,8gb,256GB) I purchased from BestBuy had battery/software issue. The macbook will shutdown without any notification while battery is still at 30%. I faced the issue, then found out many other user has also faced same issue. Even Apple did recognised this issue and provided a fix that resolved my issue.Go to apple support and search "HT210615"1 less star for that hassle - otherwise, great laptop hands down. 
This MacBook Pro Intel i5 with 8GB Memory easily keeps up with me and my many browser windows and office-related apps, video messaging -- all opened at once.The Touch Bar feature make it easy to login.Battery seems to last for hours and to charge quickly. And it does not get very hot as some laptops do.It is a great size and I do not miss a larger screen size display, which would have cost more. Plus, it is easy to carry around. 
I bought this Macbook Pro to see if it was better than using my PC laptop. I have to say after years on a PC, building PC's, I love it. It is easy to use, You just use it, you do not need to change many settings to get it the way you want it. I still need my gaming PC for games, that will not change, but for day to day tasks, the Macbook Pro just works, and works great. The Keyboard is fine, apple will replace if there is an issue, they staind behind their products, I have never had an issue with apple dealing with any issue I have had, they have always been professional and easy to work with. 
It's a great laptop for all my needs. Zippy,crisp and bright display. New keyboard on this MacBook Pro release feels better than the last. Surprisingly,I'm finding the Touch Bar useful. (a feature,I could care less if I had,but now really appreciate). I had to choose between the iPad Pro 12.9 inch and it's accessories,or the new MacBook Pro 13 inch. I'm very happy with my choice! 
At first I was unsure of the size of my new MacBook Pro 13”n however, I love it! Great speed, some awesome new features and very lightweight. I can literally take it anywhere I want. The Apple tech was super-knowledgeable and helped me greatly in making my decision...with no pressure. A quick, painless buying experience and I have a wonderful new computer! Thank you, Best Buy! 
This laptop was purchased for my daughter who is currently a sophomore in high school. For her this is an upgrade from our many years old Apple desktop. As her high school utilizes a lot of free cloud based apps and iPads for classwork this laptop is an ideal way forward without needing to also purchase a lot of expensive add-on apps. Do allow a little extra money for purchasing a case/sleeve plus a port replicator though. 
First time owning a Mac. Build quality is excellent. Screen is good and the speakers are decent sounding. Keyboard has a nice feel and I love the fingerprint reader. The only gripe I have is it only has two thunderbolt ports. That’s it. Not a big deal if you buy a third party hub. Other than that I love this machine. 
reviewing this computer on this computer that seems to be working well. wish there was another option between this and a windows 10 pc, let's find the next genius who can do it better, I know they are out there somewhere. then they can make this computer machine like chicken and waffles, delicious. ice cream is pretty good too but let's not get crazy and throw in some vegetables now and again. so jump in the family wagon and go bowling and get one of these 
Great MacBook, love the Touch Bar, vey useful. Fan comes on during medium loads, so this is not the totally quiet laptop, but quiet during light loads (email, browsing, et ). Keyboard has low travel yet reassuring resistance, just perfect. Only regret is perhaps I should have gone with 1TB SSD, rather than 512MB. Adorama service was excellent and helped with a shipping issue. Would definitively buy again from them. 
Do not buy an Apple product from Best Buy. 2019 MacBook Pro broke, logic board etc after 3 weeks. Would not replace. Had to take to Apple for repairs. Will now be without my work computer for two weeks. Apple told me they would have replaced if purchased from them. Costco has a 30 day return policy. Best Buy no help. Will now have a 5 week old refurbished computer, which will have spent have of the time I owned it in the shop. Easy fix: replace. Not at best buy 
We are an ‘Apple’ family and this product was a 21st birthday present for my son. He is a musician and uses his laptop to create and mix backing tapes and tracks to publish. He is delighted with this new laptop, especially the increased functionality and processing speed.Unfortunately the delivery process was far from excellent. John Lewis are aware of what happened but this isn’t the first time I have received shocking service from their delivery partners which is disappointing. 
I’ve been using this MacBook for about 2-3 months and it’s awesome. I transitioned over from a windows laptop and this MacBook is super fast. I especially love the Touch Bar and how seamlessly I can use this with the rest of my devices. There are a few things to get use to however with a MacBook over a Windows. One issue is that the MacBook has froze on me twice but it was an easy fix. Hope it’s not a bigger problem down the line 
I've never owned a MacBook before and I was nervous upon receiving it. I've grown over the last 3 weeks to really enjoy and respect this Apple product. I love the small, compact 13.3" screen. The laptop is fast to boot up, reliable to web browse, and great speakers to listen to some music. It met my expectations and more. I would recommend this to anyone. 
The product itself is amazing, I love how simple yet very useful it is. Overall, I could say the features integrated, such as the touch bar are great. However, the only reason why I don’t give it a full 5 stars is because when using a program such as Final Cut Pro the device overheats. Im not sure where this problem is coming from, but it’s something that really bothered me because it’s one of the reasons I bought the laptop. 
I got this for my Son to learn and take to college with him in the fall. Set up was super easy and intuitive. The Pro is quick and responsive with worries about insufficient storage. Having only two thunder ports is an obvious con but the display is clear and sharp - a strong pro. He is interested in working with music and production this Mac is is the basic building block tool he'll need to begin. 
Don't get me wrong, I love my new MacBook Pro. Unfortunately, I don't like the price for the feature I am getting. You can definitely buy windows laptops with much better specs for a similar price. I recommend the Dell XPS 13 or 15. Regardless, Windows doesn't compete with Apple's ecosystem, specially if you're an iPhone user. Shop around and be smart! Peace. 
Bought this as a gift to myself to replace an older MacBook Air. I always wanted a Pro, but stayed away due to the size. This version of the Pro is light-weight and I brought it overseas with me during a trip with no problems. If you’re comparison shopping between this and the Air, get the Pro—it’s worth the money. The features, processing power, screen resolution, and weight are well worth it. 
I bought the Macbook pro 13 inch two weeks ago and so far I am so satisfied with the product. Like always, Apple products never disappointed me, except for the price. But, it is worth every penny since the performance is so great. Moreover, MediaMarkt also offer a better price than any other stores. I would recommend this product to everyone who is looking for a fast and reliable laptop to support the job or study. 
I received my brand new ‘July 2019 MacBook Pro’ within 2 days of ordering and fully shrink wrapped and brand spanking new! Thank you for having a tax free service. I was struggling to find a way to get a new MacBook Pro. My old one is a 2011 MacBook Pro Still turns on but is sssooo sloooowwww mostly because it’s older now. Love Mac, love their products. Really happy with my purchase with you. Will make sure to tell friends and family about your store! 3 
I bought the 13” MacBook Pro to replace a 9 year old MacBook Pro that was beginning to show its age. The new MacBook Pro is so much smaller, thinner, and lighter than my previous one. I love the Touch Bar which my previous computer did not have. The computer works flawlessly with my other Apple product as expected. The computer is fast, fun to use and is worth every penny that I paid for it. 
Having never experienced a Mac computer before, I took the plunge and bought a 13" Macbook pro and was very pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to set up and how intuitive it is to use. Coming from a Windows PC, it took some getting used to but, after going through a few online tutorials and learning some "hidden" tricks, I am now convinced that this is the way to go. Not to mention it is very cool aesthetically. It just works! I highly recommend it. 
I purchased this after returning my MacBook Air. For someone who doesn’t really need a super fast computer this is great. The form factor and the weight of the Air was perfect but I like how much more performance you get out of this. I wouldn’t want to carry this around all the time but I have an iPad Pro for that. Pretty decent value for the price but if you are in apples ecosystem this this thing is a must. 
I was between this and the Air model, I went with this because I like the Touch Bar, it?s more boxy (for a lack of better words) and the keyboard isn?t the original trash butterfly. Still don?t ?love? the keyboard but I love MacOS and I wanted something that would provide a boost if I wanted to do anything other than email and web browsing . Caught it on sale for 1050. Not great but not bad. As long as it lasts 5 years I?m okay with it. 
I recently purchased a brand new MacBook Pro, soon after purchase I began to have issues with my computer. I first reached out to apple thinking they would be able to assist me. I soon found out that my brand new computer was a 2017 version and had been on the shelf at Best Buy for a few years!! Apple wouldn't honor the year warranty considering it was more than a year old and Best Buy themselves was awful to work with. Needless to say, 3 months after purchase, I now have to purchase another MacBook but know I won't do business with Best Buy!! 
I have never used a macbook because I was always a windows user but this product is amazing. From opening the box to actually using the laptop was a very different experience. It was different and really good. This is definitely worth the money even though it was pricey! I got discounts so it wasnt bad! Its much better for me because I got it when its on sale 
Replaced my wife's 7-year-old MacBook Pro. It was working OK, but too slowly for my wife. Figured the SSD would speed things up. Yes it did! Used a backup of her computer and ran Migration Assistant. Did a very good job with a couple of problems: Lost registration for MS Office, and Apple's office apps wouldn't update; so I deleted them and downloaded new versions.She is very happy with the new MacBook Pro!!! 
Previously, I've used linux and windows based laptops mostly, but I wanted to do some iOS development, so I picked up this laptop. Price was good, and it is a small, light, sufficiently powerful machine for my needs. I considered getting the MacBook Air, but the weight difference between them is negligible, and the MacBook Pro is more powerful. If you are in the market for a MacBook, this is an excellent choice. 
Got this for my daughter and she loves it. Power points are so easy to make especially when editing pictures. She can do so much with it. One of the most important features that she likes is that the battery charges super fast and it lasts a very long time. It's lightweight so perfect for carrying in her backpack. 
I’ve always been a Microsoft user, but I decided for College, I would switch it up and try new things! I’m also trying to get into audio production and recording, and the MacBook Pro is definitely the computer to start on! My only complaints.. not the best battery life, and the cooling system doesn’t seem to work very well. I often find myself needing to find a surface to place on my lap underneath it to keep from making my legs too warm! 
Love the macbook. Had one previously and destroyed it on accident. Got the new one and have been very pleased so far. Love the battery life, keyboard, and the new touchbar has been great as well.Macbooks definitely cost a premium, if all you want is a basic computer then not sure I would advise the expense but if you want a high performance apple product, then this computer is great- 
It is more than triple the price of a windows 13 inch laptop. It has only 2 usb c ports, one is taken up for power, so you are left with one, for your HDMI, Ethernet, other usb devices. The only other port is for the headphones. So you have to get an external USB converter so you can connect to your external monitor, keyboard, mouse etc. Also no GPU at this price point.On the plus side it is realible. 
Has all features I need. Quality built. Lightweight and portable. Best option for the price in the MacBook Pro line. Great screen resolution. The keyboard is something to get use to with the low travel keys, but after upgrading from a similar model to this one, the keys are quieter and more comfortable. Overall a good deal. 
I needed a new laptop for university and the 2019 MacBook Pro is superb. Incredibly light and really powerful. Nice crisp display and the speakers are very good.The setup is effortless and on startup it guides you through the different options.I’ve always been a bit wary about spending so much on a laptop but this is worth every penny. Will be sure to buy apple again in future! 
I replaced my MacBook Pro 15 Mid-2015/512GB SSD/16GB RAM/AMD M370X 2GB Graphics with this one. At the beginning, I was afraid I would miss all the specs of the old one, but I've been loving it ever since. Even with 8 apps opened at the same time and a bunch of tasks to do, it has proven fast enough, extremely worthy of its price and the battery is great for daily average to intense use. I would recommend it for most of the people, specially college students. 
Found myself at home from work, without a laptop. My I.T. Director couldn’t get to me fast enough, with a laptop to wrk from home. Looked on Best Buy, and fell in love... with the price, then the MacBook Pro laptop! You can move it around anywhere you want because it is very light. Yet, you can get anything from school or work using it. Happy customer!! 
The device itself is nice if you?re only using it for lite computing. Overheats fairly quickly if too many tabs are open. Cannot support both OS and Windows 10 as Hard Drive is too small (~30GB dedicated to bloatware leaving only 80GB to play around with).Speakers aren?t the best either which can be a huge drawback considering price. Definitely an entry level MB Pro. 
This MacBook Pro is fantastic upgrade from last one. Good battery life and performance of quad core processor at this price point just seals the deal. Having a Touch Bar is bonus and it works great in some apps. For photo editing, Video editing, browsing, or complex office tasks this won't disappoint it's owner. I think most of the users will find value in this product. 
This macbook pro has a problem with overheating especially while using the chrome browser and watching videos. Even using safari and searching frequently raises the temperature of this device. Additionally, the internet speed sometimes is very slow and sometimes online videos are very slow.It boots much faster than my HP laptop with a regular hard drive but slower than a basic Samsung chromebook. 
Purchased a MacBook Pro last week, great piece of kit as always with Apple products. Does exactly what i needed it for, it was purchased for software developing (teaching myself). I wanted a small form but powerful enough to crunch the data when I need it. Came from a windows environment so it's a little different, but already I can see the benefits of moving away and over to the apple ecosystem. Personal opinion of course. 
This computer is incredible in almost every facet! I love the Touch Bar’s concept and it has made the laptop even easier to use as now the basic functions of it can be changed via there (volume brightness and even Siri can be activated through it). It runs extremely quickly and so far has been nothing but the best to me! You will not be disappointed by your purchase! 
If you're a Mac user, you'll love the upgrades. Better keyboard, better display, solid internals AND the touchbar! While the touchbar is gimmicky, it does offer some usefulness. You have to use it to get something out of it, though. I caught this at a very good price, so I was extra happy to be able to buy it. I look to keep this operational for years to come! 
My 10-year MacBook finally bit the dust, and I needed a laptop that could handle the rigors of Adobe software. So far my new one is lightning fast and dependable. Can't complain about the battery life, and the touch pad will take a bit of getting used to, but it really comes in handle and has a lot more use than I initially anticipated.I haven't quite had it for a month yet, but if you're in the market for a laptop that can handle heavy software, so far this fits the bill! 
I've owned everything Apple except for a phone and a Macbook. I was determined to one day own a Macbook Pro. I now possess one. It's anything short of amazing. There is so much to learn and I am doing just that. It's a whole different level on notebooks. Can't wait to see what I will discover next. The classes at Apple are a tremendous help, too. 
The guys at the store were incredibly helpful, as I was super indecisive in which laptop I wanted to buy. I was torn between a less expensive touchscreen HP and this. I decided to get the MacBook Pro so I could connect it with the rest of my Apple products and it's been amazing for me so far. It's very user-friendly, has the convenient (and cool) Touch Bar, and for me you can't beat the clean look of Apple's operating system. 
MacBook Pro seems to have unlimited functioning capabilities. I learn something new daily. I am very satisfied with this product and excited about its possibilities. However I am concerned about its battery and the speed in which it depletes. Not getting 10 hours out of it. More like six. 
Love you it! So slick and aesthetic looking, I purchased the space grey and I love it. I owned a MacBook Pro prior to this and I loved it as well unfortunately my son spilled water on it so it was time for a new one and I didn’t think twice about the new MacBooks. Super easy to use love the new touchbar especially when typing essays for school, you will have the toolbar right at your finger tips. 
Great item! I was skeptical using the third party sellers, but the seller was amazing. The macbook shipped faster than the estimated delivery time, and it was shipped in a crushproof box. The macbook was exactly as I expected and came with a full warranty. Honestly, I couldn’t have asked for a better transaction. I would gladly make a big ticket purchase like this again in the future. 
Wasn't sure about this laptop when I started looking for a laptop. I enjoy the functionality. First apple computer for me runs all programs great. The apple version of Microsoft office looks nice. I'm running Microsoft office because its free from my college, but if it wasn't I would just run apple program. screen quality and processor speed is great. 
I would recommend this mackbook to anyone for their business and school work. This computer is not only easy for travels but the sound, applications and speed makes it ideal for anyone. Make sure to contact Apple if Best Buy denies you with protection. Also, I would buy a soft case to protect the outside To avoid scratches. Overall, I’m very happy with this product. 
Purchased this as a Christmas gift while it was on sale for $200 off. Recipient could not have been happier. This was not her first MacBook, but she loves the portability of the 13' as well as the durability. The TouchBar is also nice. Only wish is that Apple's storage pricing improves, the storage space is very little for the price & increase options are very expensive. 
Im a college student and I always have own a windows laptop they’re great laptops. I love this laptop because it’s fast and light weight. One thing I like is that it’s very quite and doesn’t heat up as my previous laptops. I like noting that the display is crisp and colors are very vibrant. This laptop opens up to more features if you got an iPhone. 
I bought this MacBook Pro to upgrade from an older MacBook Air.It is very fast with good battery life, and very nice screen resolution. The Touch Bar takes a little getting used to but so far it seems to be a bonus.So far I am very happy with my purchase, the only downfall is the price, but not having to pay for upgrades to the operating system, and having a way faster, and easier to navigate system than a windows based computer makes it worth while. 
Got this laptop as a replacement for my previous Mac. It’s nice and fast, and gets what I need done. I mainly use it for the internet, download my pictures and watch Netflix. I didn’t know they don’t have the “older” usb connection and uses... I believe it’s called usb c or something. Anyways, I love it still but feel like they should come with an adapter for older hookups. 
This version of the MacBook is great for photo editing and day to day use. If you want plan on doing advanced video editing you would want to step up to a larger screen faster processor, larger hard drive and additional RAM.This model does work great for short (30 minutes or less) iMovie projects.Overall a solid laptop if you are a Mac user. 
This is my second MacBook Pro and I love it! It did take some getting use to as far as not having my disk drive anymore and having to have a separate attachment to have additional ports. Other than that I love it! It is sooo lightweight and the space gray is a beautiful color for a laptop. My old one was silver and I have to say I like the new color a lot more!! 
This is my first MacBook Pro and I find it easy to use. Works really good, fast processing and quality of both hardware and software is remarkable. There are some general reviews commenting heating issues, but I find no concern of it. It does not heat up for any regular use. Everything works absolutely fine. 
My wife and partner saw my Macbook Pro and said: I want one too. I just finished setting up my new Macbook pro I purchased a week earlier and after a day of working with it, a could no longer convince her that her Macbook Air is sufficient :) For this laptop, I ordered the 1.4ghz which is much faster than her previous 2015 Macbook Air 2.4ghz. Apple truly boosted the performance of the new processors. I'll take this or my other Macbook pro at any time and B&H makes it a breeze to select and buy one! 
Christmas gift for my girl.She loves it. This laptop connects seamlessly with all you Apple devices. She has the IWatch 4, IPad Pro, IPhone Pro, and now this. Set up was a breeze between all apple products.On a personal note I feel this is a bit over priced for the Tech you are getting, but you are paying for the premium feel and the ease of the Apple sphere integration. 
I have owned a MacBook Pro 2009 13" and MacBook Pro late 2012 15.6". I liked both. I like this one, its very fast, screen is really good. Its very light, extremely light, its probably half the weight my last one. Not sure I like that, it feels a bit too light, hopefully it lasts as long as the old ones. They don't have usb , so you have to buy an adapter that is pretty annoying. 
Shopped around for a while to but a laptop for my personal use and did not want to switch to MS Windows 10 after being on 7 for many years. This product is great. It is light weight, easy to use like all Apple products, and the screen quality is great and crystal clear with beautiful colors. I highly recommend the product. 
After much procrastination I purchased this MacBook Pro to replace my old 12'' MacBook. I can't fault the quality or performance and the process to transfer my data from old to new MacBook was easy. It is quite an investment but now I have it I am happy I took the plunge. I particularly like the touch bar which speeds up logging on and is great for ApplePay and also for using my password manager. 
Great all around computer and hard to beat the Mac interface with other Apple devices. This is the primary reason we stick with Mac laptops. My son has a Surface since he has an android phone and we prefer it. Most disappointing element of the Mac Book is the lack of ports and USB, specifically. We had to purchase an external hyper drive for USB compatibility 
Purchased my MacBook about a month ago and I have had nothing but good to say about the device. It’s great for school great for business and for personal services. Also this may be such a great fit for me because I love all my apple products being connected to each other. My purchase was quite simple as well, I was able to pick it up the same day I purchased it online and the customer service was outstanding. Thank you Best Buy! 
I’ve had it for almost a month now and I literally can’t complain about anything. It runs so smooth and it hasn’t died on me not one day, and I use it a lot, watching you tube, using word, and just browsing the web. I’m in love with this laptop. I had done a lot of research on what laptop to buy before I bought it because it is a big ticket item, and it I found it was the best for me based on my needs plus it’s an all around good laptop. The battery last me all day. 
I was hesitant about purchasing a MacBook because of the cost and the learning curve as I had never had an Apple computer. I'm in my late 50's and newer technology can sometimes get the best of me. Ben, an Apple associate at my Best Buy, answered all of my questions (and I had a lot) about each of the laptops I was considering. I decided on the MacBook Pro 13" with Touch Bar - Intel Core i5 - 8GB Memory - 128GB SSD and I absolutely love it! I'm still learning but it has been much easier than I anticipated. 
What do you expect. You buy a Mac from apple of you source it from somewhere else. Its the same thing. Go to apple instead of good guys. Its more reliable. My sister got a Mac from the good guys and it broke two days later. They also store them for long periods of time, and will often stack up on updates. I wasted half of my storage and lots of my time on unnecessary updates. 
This computer is awesome. Apple continually improves their computers with each version. Only gripe is that the difference in price for the larger 15" screen is outrageous.At first, I thought that the Touch Bar was not very useful. once I discovered how to program it for my needs, it totally now understand why this is such an upgrade over the Air. 
This configuration is the best value Macbook you can buy. You get the Pro stuff close to the Air price. I like everything about it except the short travel keys on the keyboard. We might have an updated Macbook Pro 13" inch.This is by far the best entry level Macbook Pro and you will need atleast the 256GB one if you want to use in the long run. 
I used to have a Samsung Windows 10 laptop. It was getting to the point of becoming extremely slow and I wanted a better computer to do my bookwork on. I decided to purchase this laptop after my son recommended it to me. This MacBook is amazing! The screen is so much better and this computer is so much faster! Really am enjoying this new MacBook. 
This is the first Apple computer that I have ever owned. Previous to this I’ve always bought HP laptops. I think the main thing I love is the sharing between my laptop and my phone since I also have an IPhone. There was some getting used to using their software since I used Windows previously. All in all I am very happy with my new laptop! 
This is the first Apple computer that I have ever owned. Previous to this I?ve always bought HP laptops. I think the main thing I love is the sharing between my laptop and my phone since I also have an IPhone. There was some getting used to using their software since I used Windows previously. All in all I am very happy with my new laptop! 
I have always wanted a macbook and this is everything I have ever wanted. I am going to college in a few weeks and cannot wait to use it to its potential. I plan on going for Finance, so I don't need anything super intense. It is perfect for streaming and surfing as well as spreadsheets and data. I've never noticed it being slow. I can't get enough of my new computer. 
Everything that I needed for college. I purchased this as an upgrade from a MacBook Air that had been going strong for 3 years, even with daily use and being transported to/from school with me daily. I’ve had the Pro for a few months and I trust that the quality is just as good. The Touch Bar is easy to use, the laptop charges up quickly, and it is very lightweight. Only downside is no USB ports 
This is my first Mac Book Pro. I purchased the device mostly for iOS development, but it has quickly become my primary machine for everything else as well. The device is very fast and runs very smoothly. No freezing, no interruptions. The battery lasts 6-7 hours with typical use. Very happy with it. 
Bought this for my wife as she is very into photography and graphic design. She's adjusting to the change in OS after years on Windows, but loves that the computer "just works". It doesn't constantly update or need to restart, it just works and works very well for what she's doing. Grew up on Apple but haven't owned one in a very long time, looking at getting one for myself in the future. 
Had a very old 2012 Macbook that took a few minutes to open up any application. As a college student, I needed something relatively fast, so a new computer was much needed. I love this one. It’s the perfect size, sleek looking, and lightweight. Love the touch bar feature. All around a great computer. 
I have been a windows user all my life so I was a little iffy on switching to a Macbook. Though using the different operating system isn't too bad. I'm not a fan of the lack of fans on the Macbook (Only one on the back), but other than that it's an amazing laptop. I bought it for school as a computer science major and it's probably the best option for me since it lasts all day. I highly recommend. 
As a programmer being on the go it is extremely important for me. Most of the time I work out of an iMac and adding this MacBook makes everything so much easier and having everything synced up and ready to go in all my machines and equipment.It is so portable, small and convenient it doesn't even feel like I'm carrying a MacBook with me. Performance off the charts and great as always for programming. 
Purchased a replacement MacBook, decided on the Pro 13" with Touch Bar. Great computer. Easy to use, light, speedy, travels well.The keyboard has a different feel and sound to it, but its not a problem. The Touch Bar has become indispensable.The Space Gray gives the computer a nice look. 
Very nice but wow a huge change up from normal laptops. Getting used to it, needed to work from home and honestly was overdue for an upgrade. It’s fast, great resolution, sound , and all around great. Getting Mac Pro AirPods soon should be a nice addition. Would recommend this product. Bought opened package item and no issues 
This was the best value MacBook for me. I've been editing all my videos perfectly fine and without all the headaches I had while editing on my old pc. I do have this issue where my cursor refuses to move either when I first open my MacBook or if it's been on idle for a while. It usually responds after a couple attempts. Other than that, a good laptop. 
This laptop is amazing! The speed of uploading and downloading are incredibly fast. The screen is vibrant and doesn’t hurt the eyes to look at. And the Touch Bar is an awesome addition to the MacBook. It creates so many shortcuts, cutting down on clicking. I highly recommend this for any student. 
I purchased the macbook and it was for 300$ off. You cant beat that price. I have been coding, editing, watching netflix on this macbook and I am impressed with the speed and battery life. Coming from a windows laptop, i loved the booting time on the macbook and the fact that macbooks are super quick. It's bit expensive but i would strongly recommend macbook for any students out there. 
The MacBook Pro is a great computer overall, if you have the money for it. I use it for an online college class and for making music, and it does everything I need it to. For those just switching to a Mac from a PC, it can take some getting used to, but there are plenty of resources the computer provides to help with that. The Touch Bar is really convenient, especially when listening to music while doing something else. 
I was very nervous about purchasing a MacBook Pro since I’ve been using an HP laptop the past few years. However, since teachers use MacBooks in many schools I wanted to give it a try! I really like my Pro and highly recommend it. It’s very fast and quiet. Also, I was able to adjust very quickly to the operating system. I am very happy with my purchasing since I saved $200 during the back to school sale. 
I’ve used this laptop for almost two months now for school and I have no complaints. Apple really built this machine well. It’s very user friendly and very portable in my backpack given it’s slim size. Overall, I recommend the MacBook Pro for college if you have the budget for it. If money is a concern then, settle for the MacBook Air. 
I had this computer for about a year. Laggy and slowing down already, like expected with most apple products. I would recommend a performance desktop any day for close to the same price that will last you years longer. I use Adobe programs almost every day and for how much apple promotes creativity this is just a sad.Don't be scared of the performance desktops. 
My sister had a similar MacBook Pro from 2017. After 3 years, it still works flawlessly and processes everything as fast as when it was first opened. I finally decided to buy myself one and I was not disappointed. It’s fast, does everything you want it to do, and then some. Best decision and great buying experience too. 
MacBooks are normally great, and it was probably a fluke, but the second time I tried to charge the computer, it wouldn’t charge. There was an electric vibration that would follow your hand if you touched the computer while attempting to charge. The hub attachment wouldn’t work, either, so something was definitely messed up in the charging ports. Returned for replacement with no problems. 
The butterfly key board is kind of hard to type on due to the minimal give and travel but you get used to it. Getting a keyboard cover helps with this problem a bit. The touchbar is not as bad as people make it seem because it is customizable to the point it can resemble the non touch bar Mac models. Easy to use, nice display, quality speakers, abet a bit pricey. 
this computer is really good for college students! the battery lasts a while and it’s very fast. the only thing is that it gets really hot but i only find that happening when it’s in my lap?? so i don’t know what that is about otherwise i recommend this product to college students wondering what they should get! also try and get it when apple and best buy do the back to school deals! 
Finally made the jump to a Macbook from years of Windows and the experience has been overwhelmingly positive so far! Still getting used to some of the smaller nuances and differences but super impressed with performance as compared to my old Windows laptop. We have all Apple devices and now the Macbook ties it all together. Nothing but great things to say so far 
I have a ton of really nice Windows computers. A homebuilt gaming machine, an XPS 13" laptop with 16gb of ram... they all work great. What this MacBook and the OS excel at are integration in all aspects. There's too much to comment on but if you appreciate integration with your phone and your daily tasks and the true usefulness of the Touch Bar, definitely check out this laptop. 
I haven’t had any trouble with this computer. It holds charge very well. It has a great display and the sound system is great! It is very loud and doesn’t sound muffled in bass notes. I highly recommend this computer. It’s worth the expense! 
Have always been a Microsoft user, Decided to get an MacBook Pro, best move I ever made. Currently own I Pad Air 2, absolutely love it, not hasseled with security updates every couple of days. Just works, so far my laptop has not disappointed me yet. Have had some difficulty adapting for Microsoft to apple, but has been a great learning experience. 
was about to purchase the same computer through apple but got a better deal with B&H.Used to have a 2012 Mac Book. I was able to upgrade the ram and it lasted 8 years. Now apple is taking away this option. That, along with a few other features, has me preferring the older computer but the OS wasnt able to handle some of the programs I was running. 
Lovely looking laptop, slightly smaller, thinner and lighter than my previous Macbook pro 13 and I love the retinal screen. The touch bar is a novelty but I find myself using it more and more and I do like the fingerprint access. I missed a friendly face to guide me to what I needed when buying my replacement laptop and did struggle with not having someone in the shop to set it up which was a challenge. 
It’s a beast for such a small and light machine. I’m returning it for the MacBook Pro 16” though because since the crisis, I’ve been editing more video, doing more photoshop work, recording more music, and gaming more. I need a stronger machine. Don’t get me wrong, this thing can still handle video and audio stuff..it just has some limits. 
I needed a new MacBook Pro since my last MacBook died. I mostly use my MacBook for college and for my photography on the side. Overall I like the simplicity of it. I understand that there’s other alternatives out there for a cheaper price, but for me I like the quality of Apple products and eventually got consumed into the apple ecosystem. 
Love apple, love my new mac, but hayed that I felt obligated to purchase apple care.I called best buy credit card to ask if they would approve making my purchase a 24 month instead of 12. They approved it but the store manager said that I had to buy apple care or he wouldn’t allow it.I really needed my computer so I caved, but felt pretty bad about having to buy apple care in Those terms. At least I will be protected I guess. 
I will never use anything other than a Mac computer. They are truly the best. Fits inside my backpack and is not too heavy to carry. My main use for this laptop is for school and with one battery charge I can use it 3-4 days. The touchbar takes a little to get used to but it makes everything easier and convenient. Love my new MacBook Pro! 
Bought it a week before black friday. Great price. Pretty powerful for such small specs. Gift for my wife. She cant put it down. Doesn't want an iPad anymore. She specifically uses it for Photo/Video editing. Space Gray. 
I love this laptop it light and easy to use, we have always had apple products and used the iMac and MacBook Pro before this purchase, I was skeptical at first because I was so used to a MacBook Pro and iMac desktop I wasn’t sure how I would like something so small. I love it! It’s very convenient not heavy to carry and buying a case to put on it made it really cute. I’ve never had any problems with it. 
Apple has done it again! Love this new light weight version. The dark gray gives it a sleek matte look. Much better than last version of Pro in my opinion. Think the fingerprint log in is nice. So my coworkers and classmates can’t try to decipher my password when I type. 
It has been over a month I've been using this computer, it is my first Apple product, and it has been something else. Really easy to learn, very light, and has a good battery. Also, I got this spec $200 cheaper than the Apple store and it has shipped instantly, without the wait that Apple Store would require you to tweak these specs. Highly recommend. 
Yet very powerful. This is our 3rd MacBook Air purchase over the years. Not only is this one smaller because the screen is edge to edge it’s just as light. The sound quality is far superior to my older ones as well. I highly recommend if you just do email, web surfing, shopping and watching videos. 
The base MBP 13" 2019 with TouchBar packs a punch that surprised me.The only upgrade I got was 256GB SSD instead of the 128GB.Since RAM is only 8GB on the base model, it will constantly hit the SSD for cache and you need some extra space for that.The Quad Core low power processor is really good too for what it is.Also the battery life is great compared to the 15". 
Although you might think the larger 16" MacBook Pro is the better match for a photographer, unless you are actually post processing your work on the laptop the 13" is easier to travel with. It takes up less room and much easier to add to the already heavy and cumbersome photo equipment you bring with you for a shoot. I always bring my laptop for file transfer and viewing, then post with my PC when I get home. 
Have always been a PC user. However, really impressed with the hardware and the speed of this computer. It's been six months and haven't experienced any issues at all. The battery life typically lasts me 8 hours or more and speakers sound amazing. Got it for coding and school work and no turning back. 
I have had several different Windows PCs over the years and they do not compare to the MacBook Pro. The controls are different from a Windows computer, but once you learn how to use the track pad, command function, and just a few other different functions and gestures, the MacBook Pro is impressive. The many functions of the track pad and Touch Bar make this laptop insanely functional and I have been so much more productive. 
This was a Christmas gift for daughter. She seems very happy and has had no issues as of this time. She has only been using the product a few weeks but we do not anticipate any problems. We have many apple products in our home but this was our first mac book. Lightweight and fast, seems to exceed all her expectations. 
Love the sleekness and capabilities! I’ve wanted This for awhile and so far this laptop has not disappointed. If this is your first MacBook, there is a learning curve, but once you’ve mastered it, you’ll never look back. It’s amazing! So glad I made the splurge! Totally worth it! 
I bought this Mac for school work but it can do so much more than that! The Touch Bar is a great feature and it makes everything much easier to navigate. This computer is easy to use and holds a great charge! I’ve had Mac’s before but this one doesn’t even compare to the older models. Would 100% recommend. 
Been a PC guy for 25 years. Have Apple Watch, iPhone and iPad. Made sense to try and have everything work together. One of the main reasons I went with the Mac Book Pro. There’s a learning curve but well worth it.Buy Apple care if you are new to Mac. The support is great and well worth it. 
Impeccable design. Great screen display. Touch pad is a useful every day tool. Sleek. Portable. Great attention to detail in design.Criticisms: no extension for charging cord (older models include this). 
Have been a Macbook user for many years now. I love the new touch bar and the new keyboard. I was a 15 user before and have to say that the 13 form factor is really a nice change. Not quite as lightweight as the Air but still a super comfortable and portable system.Highly recommended! 
I was a bit nervous on making this purchase. I took I chance and I am glad I did. Love everything about this MacBook Pro. I love the Touch Bar. The display is great. The keyboard feels as if it was made for your fingers. I feel like the operating system is super fast. I don’t hear it overheating. 
I upgraded from a MB Pro 2011 to this one. This is a really good machine if you are going to do plenty of work. Instead for going for the Air model, I chose this one because is better to invest in something that will last long. Besides, you don’t know what your needs will be in the future.My only complain is the lack of ports and the price. 1,000$ for a laptop with i5 is too much. 
Love, love, love my new MacBook Pro.Apple products outlast any other computer systems on the market. It's compact, lightweight with a sharp screen. I had the Geek squad move everything over.Everything worked, lolTotally great experience. 
As Apple continues to make top devices. I love my laptop. However, unlike my previous MacBrook Pro it was able automatically updated without plugging in an external drive. This part I am not a true fan. This would not prevent me from making the same purchase again. 
Same great quality as expected. My daughter loves this MacBook. Nice lightweight for backpacks and toting around campus. Easy for presentations and has great storage. Speed and durability top notch MacBooks are always a little pricey, but they do last if you take care of them 
Have always been an Apple fan since our son began using their products 15 years ago. Our son who works in tech field suggested this as being able to deliver on our daughter’s needs. She has been very happy with this product as last laptop was not very good. Also just happened to be on sale below what we would have paid at an Apple Store. 
I myself don’t have the Mac but my granddaughter loves it. She is at a Tech school and in design. It is serving the purpose. She is also paying for it Herself. 12month same as cash. Great learning opportunity. The Mac notebook is saving her money. She can do classes on line and doesn’t have to pay for them. 
As a child of the DOS world, Mac was a 4 letter word for several decades.... After comparing several different ultra-portables with some heavy computing functions, this thing left even i7 equipped competition in the dust. In an effort to make easy A/V editors and photo enhancing, Apple has crafted computing stud that will compile code faster than most Windows machines. 
The laptop is great. Mac has created a beautiful and versatile laptop that is convenient for most. Prices are heavy and the interior components of the laptop are irreplaceable, which is why I am giving the laptop a 4-star rating. The touch bar is a nice addition to the laptop and provides convenience in many situations, 
I'm very loyal to the Apple brand--all items are integrated so it makes it easy to share information, as well as it minimizes having to remember different shortcuts, passwords, and commands. This devices touchbar is a cool upgrade from my 2013 macbook. I love it. It's also sleek and lightweight, with an amazing battery life. 
I’ve had my Pro for a week and a half and so far I love it! I need to figure out how to manage all of the features since this is my first MacBook. Over the past week I haven’t used it extensively, but I’ve only had to plug it in once! The battery life has been great!! So far so good for this purchase. I am very impressed and happy with it. 
After a month the monitor started glitching. Called best buy of course they were clueless like usual. This was the worst purchased made, now I have to wait for Geek squad who has to ship. Beware bad investment, next time I would go buy straight out of Apple store where they are knowledgeable of their products. Slow service and bad monitoring awful. 
i can go on and on about the mac pro by apple, but to be honest the computer speaks for itself its everything you want i a lap top. it novice friendly and the apple support team is awesome . ive always been a fan of apple computers. but i must say the beat goes on with this company. the productivity continues to evolve with the times 
We had a great experience. I love the MacBook Pro, It does everything they said it would. Great for college or just for fun and entertainment. I love it. Best Buy had very knowledgeable sales people ready to give smart and intelligent answers to any and all my questions about the this products. 
Gift for girlfriend to start law school as her old Mac had sticky keys due to spillage and sometimes trouble starting up. It's Apple so a premium price for decent specs and a nice overall feeling. Handles her school work well so can't complain though I'm keeping a close eye on the performance of the butterfly keyboard as they traditionally had problems. 
I bought for my daughter to replace her 5 year old mac book. She is in college. It is lighter and smaller than the old one. it boots up fast, she loves the touch bar. easy to log in and load all of her programs. as always, great apple product! highly recommended! 
Bought this on Black Friday for my high school daughter. She picked the MacBook over MacAir because of the touch bar feature. At first, I didn't think it was worth the $200 difference between the 2 models, as most of the specs are the same/similar. But after seeing her use it in action, it is a cool feature, especially for teenagers. 
I was grateful to see that Apple added the Touch Bar to this year's model. Don't let the lower clock speed deceive you--this new processor is much faster than anything prior, and is very fast, and is up to any task.Also, I had no problems with the new keyboard--it works fine.I highly recommend the 2019 MacBook Pro. 
This was a pleasant upgrade from my previous 2015 MacBook Pro. However, I am having an issue with the screen fluttering while watching video. I?d like to have this looked at or the possibility of exchanging for a different one but COVID-19 has been preventing that. Hopefully Apple will recognize this issue even if AppleCare runs out. 
I had a perfectly good MacBook Air from 2017. We bought my dad this laptop with the 15 screen. I was soooo jealous of the fingerprint on the touchbar that I had to upgrade just for that 1 feature. Worth every penny just so u don’t have to remember a million passwords anymore. Love it love it love it!!!! 
It came in the same packaging as when i bought one from best buy. And it works great. It had a small glitch when it first came and i thought i got played, but its never happened again. So i am hopefull. I dont love that i asked questions through Walmart and tried to contact the seller before purchasing and never got answers back, but its okay. 
Being an avid windows user for decades, I'm Still trying to get used to the Apple ecosystem, but so far I am impressed. this machine is very well-built, feels very high end and the software just runs amazingly. My only complaint, is that they are slightly overpriced. Otherwise, they feel very nicely built and work very well. 
My first MacBook Pro lasted me for almost 10 years. Here's hoping the same for this one. So far so good. User friendly, quite portable and fast. It wasn't cheap by any stretch of the imagination, but I am certain that it will bring a decent ROI in the long run. Full endorsement here! 
I just purchased this on sale after I drowned my old one. I've had several and wouldn't even consider another, lesser one. Most any computer can word process and handle other office tasks, but the MacBook Pro excels in presentations, resolution, power and performance. Netflix is almost as good as my big tv. 
This is my first Apple computer, I?m not sure it?s all it was hyped up to be. However, I am still trying to get used to how it works. There are several huge differences between Mac and PC, just something that I?m going to have to figure out. Overall it is a good computer it does what I wanted to do I just need to figure out how to use it. 
This was a gift. The recipient was excited. It was a huge upgrade from a much older MacBook Pro (not sure the year), but this’ much lighter and way faster for a small business owner. Good enough to maintain spreadsheet, word docs and cloud applications simultaneously. Highly recommend 
I am new to mac and I love this machine. But, this model laptop unexpectedly shuts down at 43% battery. I got my first purchase returned and exchanged for another. Second one also has the same problem. It shuts down at 41% battery. I guess, I will switch to macbook pro 2018 model. 
Love the quality of the Apple products and this one was not different. Nice processing speed and fast boot-up. More than horse powers for most common uses. Go for 2.4 GHz processor if you're a developer/designer and use memory and process intensive software. 
I bought this computer for my granddaughter. She said she couldn't imagine what she would do without her Mac Pro. Her life is much easier and school and work, she's is studying to be a school teacher, have become a breeze. Thank you Best Buy staff for helping me pick the perfect computer for my granddaughter. 
The new MacBook Pro is an amazing product brought out to us by providing us with new technology. Has everything that is needed from FaceTime to Siri. This product can be a bit expensive but can be very essential. Highly recommended to those that are looking for something new!!! 
It has been a month I am using my new MacPro which was a replacement for my 2012 MacPro. It couldn't be easier to transfer all the files and the apps and I just continued from where I stayed with my old Pro. I purchased a 16g RAM with a 512g HDD version which worked for me extremely good. I definitely suggest to anyone interested. 
My older MacBook Air felt a bit wimpy for some of my heftier use cases, so I traded it in for this model. It’s actually a bit smaller footprint than the Air, but it’s got a Retina display and of course the touchbar. Additionally the Touch ID is super useful, it saves some keystrokes when the machine goes into power save and you want to get back in. 
Was having issues with battery within first week, which was apparently an issue known by Apple. Other than that, loading speeds are good, and the speaker sound is an upgrade. Lightweight and mobile. Wish Apple had more free/compatible apps similar to the iPhone. 
I'm new to the Apple family, so my acclimation to the new macbook pro was time consuming. The 13.3 screen was a challenge for my vision; but I found how to determine font size on the desktop and my major applications. I find that I'm growing accustomed to my little mac, and I suspect I'll discover the true benefits, like portability, will elevate my rating from 4-stars to 5. 
Extremely lightweight and portable with excellent battery life great for traveling and working on the go! Sleek, clean and elegant design with new touch bar that facilitates mostly everything. Completely satisfied with my purchase and definitely recommend for anyone however, I would recommend getting the one with more GB. 
I can't thank Scan enough for getting my Mac Probook to me, when all other suppliers were out of stock.The service etc was superb. My only very slight niggle would be that it was a bit over-packaged, but given the value, and how easy it must be to get these products damaged, it's understandable.Definitely a thumbs up from me, otherwise. 
When only the best will do. Everything you expect a MacBook Pro to be, it is Whatever it supposed to do it does and everything is where it supposed to be and works the way it supposed to work. Touch bar ...,,Love it or hate it, I love it. To get very picky, it’s a little lite and slides around my desk a little. Maybe I shouldn’t keep the top of my desk waxed so well. 
My MacBook Pro with the Touch Bar has done wonders for me in school! it's fast, easy to use and the Touch Bar is so convenient! It really is a game changer when it comes to laptops. My only complaint is no USB port on the laptop but you can buy an adaptor to use on your laptop if you need to! Otherwise a great purchase that was well worth the price! 
I upgraded my Mac Air to the MacBook Pro. I couldn't be happier. I am a Mac girl, and I love the new addition of the touch sign-on button. It is smaller than my Air and about the same weight. I loved the Mac Air, and I love the Pro too! I was even able to pay for a lot of it with Best Buy Points from my Best Buy credit card. Win-win! 
Amazing purchase for my son for college. We ended up trading his preveious apple macbook pro 13' for the newest improved macbook. He is enjoying his computer to the fullest. The newest pro is touchsceen bar that is easliy accessable and user friendly. 
I purchased this Macbook Pro as an upgrade to the 2011 model. I couldn't be happier. The battery life is incredible and it is so light weight. The touchbar is convenient and I find myself using it much more than I thought. Very happy with this purchase. 
Just Beautiful. Fast, quiet, awesome screen, and the Touch Bar is now standard. I have the 8gb of ram / 256 gb HD version. I’ve read lots of complaints about the keyboard and I just say I don’t understand the hate. I actually Love typing on this thing. Well done Apple. 
This is a fantastic computer. My only issue is that it doesn't have enough ports. The computer only has two ports and they are both thunderbolt ports. This requires the purchase of an adapter in order to connect other things to the computer and that is very frustrating. 
One year ago, at the suggestion of an accountant, I switch from a MacBook Pro to a Lenovo Yaga ....HUGE mistake. It’s so great to be back with Mac. Having a laptop that is incredibly fast and has no difficulty connecting to WiFi or blue tooth is such a relief. No more annoying popups either! Whew! 
My son uses for school and likes it, it?s the third mac book I have purchased for family. The purchase itself was terrible. The store said my item was ready but it wasn?t, then they couldn?t find it, then they charged me wrong but wouldn?t fix it. Terrible!!One store employee stepped in and fixed it, an hour and a half later, but I was grateful for him. 
I’ve had macs for my last 4 computers. You just can’t go wrong with this company. The guy helping us in the Apple department was super on it. He knew everything about this computer and did a very good job explaining all the different options. Best Buy is so much less busy than the Apple store so anytime I can get my electronics from them I will!! 
The transition from my old MacBook Pro to this new one was smooth. It was wonderful that most, if not all, of my files were able to be transferred at Best Buy. I began using my new Pro as soon as I got it home...without any trouble at all - and I am on the older side of old and do not have a lot of computer skills. The color is great as is the formatting. 
Upgrading from a 2011 15 MacBook Pro. Wanted a 13 this time but didn't need the top of the line processor. Upgraded the RAM to 16GB and SSD to 512GB. So far this laptop handles everything someone would need for standard computing. Handles Xcode great. 
I had a Dell for a few years, but it started to slow down. I thought it was time for a new one. I use it at home and at school. It is perfect! Lightweight and easy to use. Perfect for office work and entertainment. So far a big thumbs up! It syncs to my iPhone, and that’s a plus! 
This is one of the best computers I've owned. I started out with the MacBook Air, but it couldn't perform as quickly as I needed. This guy is fast, decent battery life, and doesn't overheat. Would highly suggest for those multitasking frequently who need that extra juice of power. 
I found the Touch Bar useless. Not a fan of the butterfly keyboards. The build and material are sturdy and robust. Speakers sound phenomenal. Bright, clear screen. Large trackpad 
I purchased this laptop for college. Honestly at the start I was a bit intimidated because I knew Macs used a different programming and format (even just on the main home page) than chrome books or windows computers. After receiving the laptop, it took a day or two and some question asking on how to do specific things, but it was relatively easy to set up and understand the full potential of it all! 
After years and years of using Dell laptops, I finally changed to MacBook Pro and it was a great. You can use this computer for work, college or entertainment and you will not be disappointed. Cool features, easy to navigate interface, very responsive buttons and commands and good sound too. 
I purchased the MacBook Pro 13 for Christmas. This is a lightening fast laptop and is the perfect size. I have always purchased a 15 inch or larger. I found this to be extremely fast and the perfect size for portability. I am happy with this purchase! 
Let me start off by saying that I have had many different laptop computers (Microsoft surface pro, Dell, HP, Acer) and nothing compares to the experience of the MacBook Pro. The interface is so easy to use, webpages load quickly, and applications are straightforward to use. After buying a MacBook Air 5 years ago, I plan on never going back to anything but a MacBook. 
had a problem with the first computer i got. took it back next day and they gave me a total new one. geek squad was great and have had no other problems. the new computer works great. I love apple computers. Very few problems and very durable. 
I have upgraded from an old MacBook Air and love the touchbar - it is just so useful. Plus some other new features on this version, such as Autofill, are also great. Then of course you have the updated display. And the extra umph... All in all I am more than happy with my new updated, Mac. 
Very nice laptop. Thin and fast processor help make this a winner. Touch bar takes a little getting used to but nice touch. Only complaints are small hard drive and ape care is way to expensive when they also charge you a copay. Not worth getting the coverage. 
I got this for photo editing. I was considering a MacBook Air but then after some research decided to pay a little more and get this one for its display. The color accuracy is great. The laptop runs Lightroom without any problems. Very happy with the purchase. 
Making the transition from a PC to Mac definitely comes with a learning curve, but it's not all that bad. The MacBook Pro is definitely a nice, capable machine. I chose the Pro over the Air based on reviews that I had found online on various sites. The quad processor was the best selling point. 
Bought this to replace a four year old MacBook Air, same physical size as an 11 inch air with much better performance. The price was also a very important consideration in the purchase. Some have reported earlier problems with the keyboard but I've have experienced nothing troublesome. 
My grand daughter uses this Mac almost too much. Bought for four years of high school and beuond she also uses it for online shopping and social media programs. She practically sleeps with it. Best gift ever! 
This laptop is absolutely amazing. I recently upgraded from the 2012 MacBook Pro and it was a good decision. The touch bar at first did feel a bit foreign but I quickly became accustomed to it and it’s shortcuts. If you’re looking for a new laptop, this is the way to go. 
Love this computer! The screen size is perfect for my daughter who is a freshman in college. She wanted the Mac Air but the sales person was so helpful and explained that the battery life is much better in the Mac Pro. We also got the Apple Care just in case!Very happy with our purchase! 
It’s a MacBook. It’s what you expect. But what you may not know is that to get any MacBook Pro beyond 8GB of RAM, Apple and Best Buy do not have anything in stock; I believe they are considered custom orders and takes 3-4 weeks to deliver. Well, B&H has them in stock. Received the next business day. End of story. Very happy customer. 
Great product and really quick service. Upgrading from the air to the pro was the best thing I could give to myself. Really enjoying the touchbar and simplicity of the pro and all of its features. Only disappointing things was not getting the airpoints via an online order. 
This MacBook Pro is amazing to say the least. I use it all the time and it's so fast. I have been using Final Cut and this computer handles it with ease. It stays warm; has never gotten hot. I just wish the entry model would have more than 2 ports and at least 256GB. Battery life is amazing as well. 
I think this is a very good start for people on the Apple ecosystem however, this I would say do not buy one with the entry level processor. I started a few intensive apps and I could feel the lag much like a windows laptop. I would never expect this from an Apple product, idk if its just my laptop or if it really is not this intensive. 
It’s my first time owning a mac and i’m impressed. I like that it has some apps included for free for those who like to edit videos or take pictures! I do have a small problem tho, after a while, the touch bar didn’t show me words as I typed. You know the ones that appear as you type on your keyboard on the iphone. 
While I love my MacBook it’s also caused some issues for me. No usb outlet which means I can’t connect a mouse to it. No hdmi port. I had to buy all sorts of adapters just to be able to use my mouse on it and be able to plug in usb drives. If Apple could fix those issues they’d have the perfect laptop. 
I bought my Mac Pro to replace my 10 year old Mac Air. As a retired teacher, and substitute teacher, this Pro does everything I need for my job, and my every day tasks. This Pro is faster, and has a longer battery life than my old computer. It was easy to set up, and I am extremely happy with my purchase. 
First Macbook I've ever owned, and although I will continue using my HP laptop from time to time, I finally understand all the hype. First and foremost, this macbook is gorgeous. Speed is phenomenal, and the TouchBar is super convenient. Loving it! 
I love this laptop. It only took me a few days to get the hang of it. I’m using it to vlog YouTube videos and also connect this to my cricut machine. Only downside is I was told I would get a free 6 month virus protection with my order and didn’t receive it. But overall great product 
This is my first mac as I have been using PC for more than 10 years. Was looking to buy PC for similar price range, but bought this one during back to school event. Big transition for PC user but Mac has been great since day 1. Compared it with Dell XPS, Lenovo Yoga 9 series and they all fall in same price range (+/- $100). 
Just purchased this laptop to replace my ailing MacBook Air.What an upgrade!!Only gripe is that I believe that all laptops should have a larger screen without the huge upgrade in price. It doesn't cost that much to make a 15" screen (vs 13").Runs smoothly right out of the box. 
I purchased the13" macbook pro late November and found that I had trouble reading the screen. Even with enhanced font size. So, given Best Buy's refund procedures I was able to simply go into another store on December 29 and swap out the 13" for a 16" Pro. Of course I paid the difference but altogether not a bad experience. 
This is a great laptop and works perfect so far. Being a student, I am beginning to wonder whether or not I should have went with the 15 inch. Only time will tell and we will see if it causes ice drain after hours of homework and typing papers. I would definitely recommend this to friends and family. 
I bought this computer for my youngest daughter attending school as well I did for my two oldest ones and for myself. Years of full satisfaction. My is vintage, more than 10 years and still working perfectly fine !!! Happy with all our purchases of this item. 
Great overall computer. Only complaint is quality of speakers compared to 15/16” versions. If audio is your thing, connect to Bluetooth or upgrade. Also, opt for more Ram than standard if you are a heavy multitasker.Does the job just fine for me, thiugh 
A wonderful laptop. This is my second MacBook Pro. My first was the Early 2011 model and it’s still running well eight years later, but it was time for an upgrade. I love this laptop. It’s lightweight, fast and well made. Would definitely recommend it! 
Very good product with newer features. This purchase replaced an older model and is well worth it. It's an Apple product so you know it's quality is good. Purchased this at Best Buy and the associate did a great job explaining and showing this MacBook. 
Great MacBook for Browsing, Learnining and Playing. I love it. it has good speed and great voice clarity. Strong Laptop with compact design. A great battery back up too. 
Bought this as a gift for my partner, and pretty much stole it back immediately. Effortless to use, works right out of the box. I mean it’s a Mac. I won’t bother with all the little details and technical specs you can read that anywhere I’d just mess it up. Macs are popular for a reason. 
Was buying a laptop for my Granddaughter to start college with. I had three different employees on different occasions to explain every detail to me. They were all great and in the end I felt I made the right choice. My granddaughter couldn’t be happier with my gift . 
Looked at both this and the Air - Opted to go with the Pro as the better screen and innards (and touch bar) outweighed the keyboard improvements on the Air. After install I have 84gb left and as I have 200gb iCloud I am not worried about storage. Price wise it was cheaper than almost anywehere else and an absolute no brainer 
I purchased this for my daughter because she started her first year of college. This MacBook has made my daughter life 110% better. She lovesIt and it is very easy to navigate. Thank you Best Buy for seeing great products. 
What can I say?It works!!!!!You plug it in, charge it up, power it up.It works.When it works, I am happy.When it doesn't work, I am not happy.Fortunately, for my happiness' sake, it works.I hope this is enough words to complete this review, cuz if not, I will not be happy. 
Switched from windows to Mac for the first time and initially it was tough to understand the operating system. I actually wanted to return it but a friend helped me understand it and now I love it! Have not looked back since! Love the Touch ID just like the iPhones and the new light bar feature is awesome! 
I’ve had a MacBook or MacBook Pro ever since they were in white or black plastic cases, and this new model is amazing. Fast to boot, quick to load programs, Only downside is that it only has two USB-C Ports and you’ll need a couple of adapters for your USB-3 devices like external drives, jump drives, etc. And you’ll need a Bluetooth mouse to go with it. 
I have always been the person to find the cheapest computer i could find, but after a while you start to think of quality. This computer is fast, its well connected with my other apple devices. I also received 1 free year of Apple TV. This rocks! 
So far have not had an issue with it. Very easy to use. Runs programs great. I’m a graphic design student so it handles the programs I use perfectly.Only flaw I find is that Apple got rid of the USB ports. Mainly so they can make more money. 
I am loving this MacBook Pro, It is quick, responsive and the screen is fantastic. Also the best sound I have experienced from a laptop. Was watching a Clemson football game and it sounded like I was in the stadium. Love the touch id and the touch bar, Find it is useful and easy to use. 
My MacBook Pro 8GB Memory and 128GB SSD is everything I could have hoped for in a new laptop. It is responsive and quick. The service I got at Best Buy was so helpful. They took the time to make certain I got the model which would serve my needs the best. I'm very pleased with the laptop and the customer care from Best Buy. 
The entry level 2019 MacBook Pro has everything one could need from a Mac. It's a great step up from the Air and now incorporates most of the features found on higher end models. It handles every task with ease and is more than powerful to handle everyday tasks (MS Office, Web with multiple apps, video, etc.). 
Got this for my oldest as he starts college. Why do we give our kids the cool stuff? I’ll start with the new display bar; a touch screen that changes depending on the app. It’s slim and lightweight. Time will tell how the battery lasts but for now I’ll give it 5 stars. 
This is an amazing machine. I absolutely love it. Had no issues transferring my files from MacBook Air to MacBook Pro. It’s a great look. Love the screen bar above my keyboard. I can’t be happier. Def buy. 
I come from a 2017 MacBook Air (which is a good computer at this moment) and the upgrade was very noticeable. Touch Bar is handy on some occasions and the display is amazing. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a reliable computer for some years, no matter if you’re not a designer or do photo editing. 
This is my 3rd MacBook, The only reason for replacing my last one is that it was purchased in 2011. Are Apple products a little on the expensive side, yes, but in the long run they are well worth the extra money, I personally know people who have purchased other laptops and had to replace them after a year or two. For me, it's Apple or nothing. 
I love my MacBook Pro. The operating system is quick and easy to navigate throughout the many different applications. It’s sleek and lightweight design makes portability a cinch. I am very pleased with my purchase as well as the quality customer service I received at Best Buy. 
This MacBook is perfect for those with a love for graphic design and video production. I kinda wish I Went with the bigger screen but when I travel with this one I can’t imagine having to pack a larger one. It’s lightweight and seems like it works faster than the older versions 
After owning the previous model of Macbook since 2013, it was time for an upgrade. I was not disappointed! The keyboard feels incredibly smooth and is very satisfying to use! The touchpad is a great addition to the various features! 
The computer works great. I wouldn't have it any other way. The verdict is still out on the functionality of the Touch Bar but as I get used to it I can see myself potentially using it more. It works great, looks great, and I am happy with my purchase. 
Love the new features. It's noticeable light compared to previous MacBooks. Space gray looks so sleek. Wish extended apple care was not so expensive though. But you get a year of warranty when purchased. 
I've been a fan of apple products since my PC died after college. This MacBook is great. The processing speed is great and the layout and design work well. The only thing I miss is the USB port not being built it. I'll just have to get used to needing an adapter. 
I bought this MacBook Pro for the power it has. Great fast speed and great resolution. The value was great since I went with a smaller amount of disk space, but for me it is easier and cheaper to buy an external solid state drive with more storage for loading files and pictures. 
My wife absolutely loves her new Mac. it's far and away better than previous generations. Super fast and more built for production.Only issue we have is they no longer allow you to earn MyBestBuy points when buying Mac's unless its purchased on a Best Buy credit card at full price. 
Apple reliability, good solid state performance. I feel like I should get at least 512GB for flash storage at this price point, at least. Also wish it had a built-in SD/MicroSD card slot, but that can be solved by buying a USB-C adapter with multiple ports. 
I bought this computer to upgrade from my old 2011 model. It is a lot faster and thinner. The display is really nice. I’m not so fond of only 2 ports. I did have to buy a dongle to hook it up to a usb or 2nd monitor. Overall though it’s a really nice computer. 
I have loved having this Mac book pro. Although the last several weeks there has been lines going across the screen occasionally and sometimes my documents will pull up all discolored and fuzzy. I will call Best Buy to see what is happening with it. Hopefully an easy fix. 
I finally decide to purchase this apple product. This MacBook Pro has the right size, it’s lightweight; and overall: it is very easy to use.Has excellent graphics and definition!And I just love the touch bar and touch ID are just the best! 
This is by far the best MacBook I have owned. I've had 2 others in the past. It's quick and I love the trackpad. My only gripe (a small one) is the keyboard. It's very responsive, almost a little too responsive, but other than that I love my new laptop. 
I love my MacBook Pro! It is simple and easy to use. I am a college student so it simplifies my life. It is definitely worth the price I paid for, I would highly recommend this to anyone who needs a laptop. I had no issues picking it up at the store, great customer service. 
We went back and forth between a Mac and a PC. Once he got the product in his hands, he was hooked. Loves the ease of use and the new convenient taskbar. The purchase also came with free beats headphones. My son was actually smiling; go figure 
Apple - MacBook Pro - 13” Display with Touch Bar- Intel Core i5 - 8GB Memory - 256GB SSD is such a great computer for a student to do his/her homework or for a multitask person. It is so easy to use and if you are a new apple user , do not worry about there is a computer tour that will guide you trough it. I strongly recommend this Apple MacBook Pro. 
I bought this Mac book and it?s very good for my desktop editing. What I love most is the portability and the speed. I can easily put it in my traveling bag and am on the go. The only thing I don?t love much is the charger. How I wish I can get a smaller charger that will be easy for traveling 
No issues with computer. It is solid and well built just like most apple products. I got it for $250 off so got a decent price. I wouldn't say it is any better than an equivalent priced Windows PC but it is a different user experience and I was tired of Windows being the same for YEARS. 
Great value for this feature rich, light weight laptop. Highly recommend. Apple continues to impress with new technology, like the touch bar & retina display. Love it! 
I was very hesitant to purchase my MacBook Pro. I have always been a PC user. But let me tell you this MacBook is so easy! It is unbelievable! Now I wonder why I waited so long to purchase this Awesome Mac!GO GET ONE NOW! You won’t be disappointed! 
Great laptop. I was worried at first because people were complaining that the keyboard gets stuck. However, I have not had a problem yet. The screen is beautiful. The computer is fast. No complaints here. 
Apple is way ahead of the PC world! I've always been a PC person & this was my first Apple laptop purchase. Actually, this was a little large & cost a little more than I wanted so I returned it, but just purchased the new MacBook Air 13" just after it was released March 25th. I am supposed to pick it up soon. 
Just treated myself to this MacBook Pro. I was in the market for something new and I was looking at the Lenovo and HP. But decided to go with the MacBook. I like the way the keyboard feels and the screen looks. Overall functionalities perfect 
Upgraded from 2016 13” Core i5 with 8 GB and no Touch Bar. In comparison this version flies and the keypad is also much improved IMO. I wasn’t sure whether I would need or like the Touch Bar but I was surprised to find how useful it actually is when you learn how to configure it. Glad I decided to upgrade. 
I barely used this laptop and noticed it shuts down every 2-3 hours as it shows low battery and needs to be plugged in. However, once I plug the power cable in, there is above 75% battery life left. Not sure what the issue is. Big company, not so good product. 
I am very please with my last purchase. I am also very pleased with he service I received from the Best Buy staff. He was very knowledgable and very helpful. He stayed with me to ensure that I found exactly all that I was looking for that day. This computer is exactly what we needed and works perfectly. 
Bought the MacBook Pro cause I thought it was good. Kept freezing up on me and had to hardboot constantly.Luckily I was able to return it and get a windows laptop that was much faster and doesn’t freeze up. Would never buy a Mac again, overpriced paperweight. 
So far I have enjoyed this laptop. It’s light weight and fast. I love how it unlocks with a fingerprint or even if you have your Apple Watch on and get near the computer. It’s very user friendly and I would highly recommend this computer to anyone. 
Apple seems to hit the nail on the head with each of their products and the MacBook Pro is no exception! The easy navigation and synchronization with other Apple products makes this purchase a no-brainer. Whether your need is for work, school, or entertainment; the MacBook Pro is the only way to go! 
Per work I needed to upgrade my computer since it was 4 years old. I miss my old MacBook, but this one isn't bad. Seems to run pretty well and is working great for my job. I have had some screen glitches and will be talking with Apple about this. It's easy to use. 
I have been wanting to upgrade my Macbook for a while and I'm so glad that I finally pulled the trigger! All the new features are great! I care my computer around for work so I love how lightweight it is. The Face ID feature makes life so much easier! 
Speed is impeccable for laptops for music or streaming content of any kind, this is the perfect laptop. It does require more storage in my opinion. External hard drive, here we come. Amazing product! 
I will not hide that I am an apple fan. The phone, the watch, the ipad and now this beautiful new computer. I bought my last MacBook Pro in 2011 and ITS STILL WORKING- I just wanted something newer for school. 
I bought this computer for school and I absolutely love it! It's a great computer for surfing the internet or doing more complicated tasks such as video editing. The graphics on this computer are amazing, the battery lasts for a long time and it's super fast! 
Great laptop but after buying it my track pd on the laptop stopped working within 3 months of using it. I never had this problem with my older model mac book pro. Hopefully there’s a way for me to get this fixed free of charge since I literally just bought this laptop. 
Obvious there’s nothing like Apple but with all honesty I expected better. The laptop seemed to still freeze Or glitch at moments when I would do photo editing or just open several browsers. And the screen gets dirty and smudges really easily. 
My 8 year old iMac desktop had served me well, but it was time for an update. I decided to switch to a laptop, something compact and lightweight, with an easy to use touchpad. I look forward to getting familiar with it and learning about more the features of my newest Apple product. 
This is the absolute best laptop I have ever owned. I love the sleekness, the larger mouse pad and the review bar. Operating this MAC is so easy and it runs great. What can I say. Apple is the greatest. Try it out at the store you will fall in love with it. 
Works wonderfully and looks beautiful. Great clear speakers, bright colorful screen and easy to use. Love the touch bar, its more useful than you think. Fingerprints on the screen are inevitable and annoyingly hard to get off. 
Faster and more secure than the previous i had. The processor is even more powerful and not to mention the graphics. Plus touch ID gives me more confidence and versatility. I’m very happy with my purchase and love apple products. 
Very good Computer. I bought it on Black Friday it was not a good deal but yes a better price than the original. But it is Apple so you can not expect a good deal in price with it.Great computer good design and easy to connect and have it ready to work. 
Just received my new Macbook Pro and I love it. It's very easy to navigate and super fast. The quality of this Macbook is outstanding, only thing the power cord is a bit too short other than that it's very much class leading in every way. 
The laptop is overall amazing, the touch screen allows you to slide through PowerPoint slides, gives you an option to fix any grammatical/spelling error. Unfortunately, I had to replace my laptop 2 times one for a manufacturing error and had to be replaced, and another time it was with the set up and apple support was unable to assist and BestBuy employee exchanged it. 
Bought this for my daughter who just graduated from college. It was to replace her 11" Macbook Air that served her well for more than 5 years. She loves the touch bar and uses it all the time. I sure this Macbook Pro will provide all she needs for years to come. 
Love the touch bar. Much better than MacBook Air, I used to have Air in the past but this MacBook Pro is much better, more stable and faster. Space Gray finishing is sleek. And great deal as well, love shopping at BestBuy, they matched with Costco price. 
You know what you’re going to get with a new MacBook Pro. I upgraded from a 2012 MacBook Pro so obviously that’s a massive upgrade. Setup was simple and the MacBook is fast and responsive. So far no issues. Love the touchbar! 
I have owned Mac book air and I upgraded to this one and I am so happy I did !!! I love that its got the fingerprint ID and love ❤️ the touch screen part its so awesome !!! best upgrade ever ! this computer is faster than my MacBook Air I really like and this time I got more storage 
Needed a new laptop for school and got a good deal with the student discount during the back to school sale. I received it just in time. It is my first time purchasing an Apple product and very happy with the purchase. I have no issues with it so far. 
This product is perfect! My 21 years granddaughter wanted this for her birthday and she couldn't have been more thrilled! She wants it primarily to shoot and edit her films. And this has state of the art software for that. 
I was looking for a laptop to be able to carry me through grad school. This is a great laptop, thin yet still heavy. Has a lot of features. Easy to set up, but takes some adjusting when you’re used to using windows. Wish it came with the USB adapter though. 
The MacBook Pro is a great laptop. I like the ease of use. The keyboard is comfortable. The screen is super clear. I had geek squad transfer files from my old hp and add some windows features I like 
I was always skeptical on buying a MacBook. Since it being so much money and everyone having one. But oh boy was with worth every penny!!! They were even so kind and helpful when it was having problems and didn’t make me feel like I was bothering them!! 
I always wanted an MacBook Pro, I use it mostly for photography, audio editing, and blogging. This laptop is incredibly fast, easy to use, and can handle a large workload. I would definitely recommend this MacBook to everyone. 
I'm disappointed with the new Macbook Pro! I needed to replace my late 2013 Macbook Pro and thought this would be the one. Unfortunately, the screen size is smaller than my 2013 Macbook Pro and the keyboard doesn't feel good.I think I'll wait for the new 16". 
Purchased for our daughter this years as she started 9th grade. We purchased a similar MacBook Pro 8 years ago for our son who is now graduating from college this year. Took it in once to have have updated. Great product 
I have enjoyed using this computer for personal, academic and work use. Impressive graphics and battery life make it easy to manage creative projects. Ease of usability and transfer of information between devices is a huge plus. 
I am already familiar with the MacBook because I had a MacBook Air before, but the MacBook Pro has better storage space and functionality. I am really enjoying the touch bar. It was not difficult to get use to to the new butterfly keyboard. 
This computer lets you do any and everything and it lets you do it fast. At first I was nervous with the switch from windows to Mac but the transition is seamless because it let me download everything I had on my windows! It’s a great computer and you won’t be dissatisfied! 
It's a good laptop with some cool features. The battery life lasts pretty long, and the touch bar is really handy to have. Only problem is the USB port, you have to buy an adapter and no CD drive. That was a deal breaker for me so I ended up returning it. 
I’ve always wanted a MacBook and finally got it. Best choice ever! It has integrated seamlessly with my Microsoft programs and my iPhone. I’m so happy with it. Definitely decided on the MacBook Pro for the quad drive feature. 
Mac knows its audience, even those with a few years. This Macbook works in some ways like my iPhone, and they get along beautifully. Comfy to type on -- that's what I wanted a computer for -- and really its compactness is just right. 
This laptop is great. Works great for light to medium video editing. It can handle spreadsheets, word processing, internet browsing, multitasking like a champ. Very portable and beautifully designed. 
Really impressed with all of the features and power in such a friendly package. Gripes about overpriced are somewhat true but it would be hard to find a Windows/laptop with this level of intergration and device support. I'm not an apple fan but am really impressed. 
I was never a Mac person, until I tried one. I absolutely love mine. It does everything I need it to, really well. The only downside is that they are pricy, but with the price is quality and long term usage. 
Sennheiser Headphones. Extremely happy with the pair of Sennheiser headphones purchased at Best Buy. A great price tag for high-end headphones at $89. Sounded every bit as good as any pair in the $150-$250 price range. 
Product works just as it was advertised . Love it . This is something i will suggest to all my friends and family. There is nowhere else that I would purchase this product from . Dont know how I did without it . 
Computer was just as expected and more. Have really enjoyed the touch bar and the speed was more than I expected. Also was really pleased with the quick 2day delivery. I would definitely buy from B &H again. Thanks. 
Great screen, SSD drive, really thin. Keyboard takes a little getting used to (different tactile feel than previous editions). Transferred old to new computer with migration assistant on Christmas Day-worked well. 
Excellent laptop extremely fast just for an I5. Highly recommend you get at least the 256GB hard drive unless you get an external. I bought the 8gb of ram possibly upgrade to 16GB. Overall this is a great laptop for the price!!! 
Found model which granddaughter asked for and associate explained all the features to me. He was very helpful in trying to locate one in the area as they were out of stock. Had to order one from the warehouse which I received the next day. The whole transaction was handled very courteously and efficiently. 
We just bought the MacBook Pro "13 for my daughter's first year away from college. She absolutely loves it AND she said most of her classmates received the same gift as a graduation present. So...we're the cool parents too! 
Nothing beats having an Apple product; especially a MacBook for that matter. The MacBook is convenient, easy to use and comes with all the features needed for school. Best Buy also gave me a student discount which was sweet! I love my MacBook Pro. 
This hits the spot when it comes to processing power in today’s world. Compact yet packs a punch and just what a young person needs to fully access the latest IT packages. Light weight with great design features; modern yet a classic. 
bought a macbook pro after looking at it for most of the year. the service was great and i love the product. The salesman was very informative about the apple product. Best buy gave me the sale price of black friday even though it was still almost two weeks away.thanks for the help in making my decision. 
I wasn't sure how i would like a laptop. Lets me not stay in the computer room and be more mobile. I have a few apple products. Glad i went with this model. Does not bog down when i use it on the internet. I have to view a lot of classes online and it keeps up great. 
Mainly purchased for work to do some video editing but I use it for fun as well. The Touch Bar is really nice, it makes it a little bit more convenient than scrolling and clicking on videos when I can use the Touch Bar. Although It’s not that much different, for my purposes, from the previous model but like I said I love it. 
Serial Macbook user. Significant improvement over the previous Macbook Air. Particularly happy with the speed improvement. The previous Air gave many years of good service and expecting this unit to do the same. 
My kid needed a new laptop to use for high school. It's required that he bring one each day. This one has more than enough performance for him in a small, lightweight case. He knows the Apple OS already, so it's easy for him to use. 
Used to have the redesigned 12 inch MacBook. It was good, but nothing compared to this machine. It’s my daily computer and I only use it for light stuff, but I love that I have the power to take on more serious stuff when I need it to. 
This is my first ever Apple computer! Took a little getting used to but never see myself going back to a PC. Like all Apple products it just works and works really well! Highly recommend this or any other Apple computer. 
After a couple months of use. The only frustrating experience with the MacBook to this day, that randomly my current viewing screen will go into split screen with Mail. I made sure that Mail is closed and was not accidentally opening it, but this seems to be a problem others are having as well. 
Went to tikatnu Best Buy to purchase my daughter a new computer. Brandon was very attentive and helpful. He was very knowledgeable about everything. We decided to go with the Mac book pro with Touch Bar and couldn’t be happier! Thanks again Brandon! 
This is my daughter second out of 13 inch laptop. We got the Gen 8 And she is so in love with it that her fiancé went and got himself one too!Thanks to the Best Buy discounts and the college student discount it actually cost less than one we bought nine years ago. 
I was skeptical of buying an "open Box" item at first. Specially, electronics regardless of savings. But, cannot be but satisfied with the Apple MacBook Pro 13" and the price!. Once again, Best Buy has not failed to exceed my expectations when it comes to the items purchased through them and the support and services offered. 
Been over 10 years since I’ve purchased a laptop so it was time to upgrade. It was worrisome jumping from windows to Mac OS but it is well worth it. I can see this laptop lasting me 10+ years as well! Definitely recommend this computer. 
I am really happy with the MacBook Pro that I purchased. The PowerPoint presentation was so professionally done using pictures from the Web. It saved me a lot of time and effort. I also like the Microsoft Word and other features. 
Love my new MacBook. I use both PC and Macs. My favorite Dell laptop screen got broken and cost more to fix than by new so I decided to switch it up and buy MacBook. So far, so good. My only wish is that it had touchscreen like my Dell did. I miss it. 
Overall is a great product!Pros:Light weight, long running battery, great display, practicality of the Touch Bar and Touch ID, minimalistic, very large touch pad; I particularly like the keyboard (feedback while typing)Cons:Small memory, only thunderbolt 3 ports (no USB) 
Bought this as a Xmas gift for my wife and she absolutely loves it! It has all the features her old MacBook had but in a smaller faster And lighter case. She loves all the Touch Bar features and how bright and clear the screen is. 
I am a former MacBook owner and initially was looking at the MacBook Air, but after speaking with the associate I realized that I could really do more with this laptop and I am happy I did. It’s super fast, super light and travels well. I can’t live without this laptop. 
Have used Macs for several years. Seemingly small upgrades make for great improvements, i.e. more responsive keys, task bar, etc. Great overall product. Highly recommend. 
Honestly I love this thing. I bought this particular set of specs because I wanted a decent amount of RAM and a large enough disk space, but I didn't need the fastest processor. This is a very good development machine. 
I got this laptop for my daughter and she loves it. She does all her homework on it and even uses it for entertainment. The Touch Bar needs a little getting used to but you learn quickly. All the apps load quickly. No complaints so far 
When my daughter opened this at Christmas she literally fell apart crying happy tears. She had an Mac Air for 4 or 5 years but hinted a few times that this MacBook Pro had so many new features. She’s been loving this for the last 3 weeks. 
I've been wanting a laptop for a long time & it was extra important that it would last for a long time. I heard a bunch of complaints about how the Touch Bar drains the battery, but I went on a four hour road trip, used Pages the entire time, and never had a problem. it lasts my entire school day as long as I'm not on the internet for too long. 
It's been two months & I'm still learning about new functions & applications everyday on this system. Beautiful display. Colorful Touch Bar compliments it. Very lightweight. 
My daughter needed a laptop for her junior year of high school instead of the school issued Chromebooks. She's taking photography and needed to be able to do her photo editing and more storage space. This worked out perfectly. 
Very happy with my purchase. Such an upgrade compared to my old mac. The sales representative was very helpful in assisting us while looking for an accesory for the macbook as well. I've been using it quite a lot and i think it's just perfect for my day to day use. 
My daughter loves her new MacBook! As a Graphic Design major, she wanted a fast and dependable laptop capable of handling her many projects. She loves this MacBook Pro! Thanks Best Buy for the great deal! 
My grandson is starting his first year of college and his high school graduation gift was a laptop for college. He was very specific to what he wanted. He is very happy with his Mac Book and if he is happy, I'm happy. He finds it very easy to use. 
I bought this MacBook Pro for school and it has exceeded my expectations!!! It’s fast and smooth. Love the Touch Bar and all of its features. It’s a great running machine and light weight. 
The MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a great addition. I started out wanting the 15" display however I am very happy I decided on the 13". I really like the size of the 13" overall, nice portable size. Very happy with this purchase. 
We use these laptops for operating our fleet management. They are fast, and very good at running multiple spreadsheets or other programs. We hook these up to multiple screens and these laptops handle this very well. 
this computer is by far the nicest looking laptop ever. Its super fast, has lots of storage, the touch bar was a major bonus. It makes it easy for me to access the software I need as an engineering student. Great purchase 
Awesome machine. The touchbar is much more useful than I realized. The only issue I’m having is playing my poker client. It really taxes the system even though it’s not a very processor heavy application 
I was please with the product description, price and prompt delivery of the New MacBook Pro.Several Days later I called regarding USB ports and was given excellent advice and e-mailed product and cost information. Customer Service was great. Would buy from them again. 
This laptop has no flaws! My girlfriend has raved about her experience since using it. This price point is a bit on the expensive side. However, I would definitely recommend spending the extra cash. 
I decided to get another MacBook Pro after the death of the last one I purchased (over ten years ago). I'm really impressed by the Touch Bar, Touch ID, and overall sleek design. It is a significant price to pay for a laptop, but if you take care of the computer it will last for some time. 
To keep it short and sweet, if you have positive experiences with other apple products in the past, then this will likely not disappoint you. keep in mind that at this the lower price point you do sacrifice some storage and speed, but if you're a student like myself, it's perfect for a college environment and I've had no problems so far! 
I love the new features of the MacBook Pro. It is lightweight, and the keyboard is much easier to stroke. The security features are excellent as well.So I give a thumbs-up to Apple! 
Never had the need for a new laptop until my old one started to slow down and I wanted to upgrade. I'm not an apple user and honestly wasn't hard to transition from windows. You can also install windows but overall it is a quality laptop. 
Fantastic computer; apple has been my go to for laptops since I was in junior high. This model is slimmer faster and slicker than the previous models of Macs. The Touch Bar is convenient, and a really cool feature to have. 
Light ans slick. Very fast. Excellent product. A bit concern of a once in a while screen blink.... I have been told by friends that it is normal. Hope so. 
I love this Mac. It’s so thin and light. Quite a difference from my last windows laptop. Quite the learning curve, but my photography editing has been made simpler and quicker since having a Mac. 
Best buy is the best. They allowed my grandson and I to shop together while he was at the store in appleton wi and I was home on my computer in florida. He was able to see each laptop and I was able to ask questions and pay on line, so he could just take it home. Thank you for making this possible. 
Great for my school work in design. Colors are vivid and clear. Very light and thin, I can actually take it everywhere I go and any bag. Great battery life. It was a great upgrade in my laptop. 
What's not to like, it's a MacBook Pro with a faster CPU, twice the memory and a faster storage drive.Previous Mac was purchased in 2012, and is still running.What a noticeable difference, Apple technology has done it again with the model I purchased. 
Powerful laptop in a small package. 13 inch screen with excellent resolution. Fast processor. Solid state storage. Sleek and sexy. 
This was my first new Macbook. Needless to say its advantages over the older Macbooks are legendary. Tasks that previously took 10+ minutes to run now take less than a minute. Great purchase. 
If you're into Apple this is nice web browsing / light duty laptop. Itworks well but due to limited storage and RAM isn't suited for larger jobs. Battery life is great and for just sitting in front of the TV and surfing the web/reading email it can't be beat. 
As the first ever MacBook I have had, this laptop delivers in every possible way. From graphics to speed, I am very impressed. Linkage with my iPhone is seamless! 
Boyfriend loves his new laptop. It’s powerful but not as heavy as the pro. He only wishes that there’s bigger storage offered at this price. But still a good buy at a discount price. 
For a 2,000 product I was expecting this laptop to be better, the laptop battery life it poor and it get hot so quickly. I only use it for grading homework papers and writing papers and it’s consistently over heating, the “fan” isn’t blocked so the air flow is good but it doesn’t help this product from overheating 
This MacBook pro is amazing. This device works smooth and has a great memory. Great purchase and for the consumers that are looking at the price and scared look into the open box version they are amazing also. 
This Apple pro computer has been an excellent computer for my son to use for his schoolwork. It is much faster and easier to locate the keys with the Touch Bar Feature. It also has a very crisp and clear monitor screen. 
Just another outstanding Apple product. At this point I am a bit biased. I am an Apple zealot and love their products. They never let me down and don’t mind spending a little extra due to the quality and performance. 
Great display and lightning fast response even with multiple programs open. Relatively light and long battery life. If you are part of the Apple eco-system this is a perfect addition 
I want my escape button back, but otherwise a great computer. It has a solid, pro feel, and it's fast, light, and powerful. B&H got it to me much faster than Apple could. Thanks! 
The touch screen and the new features on this new Mac Pro is phenomenal. It’s so sleek and easy to use! I love this Mac, one of the best purchases I’ve made. I would definitely recommend 
Great laptop. Works beautifully. I rarely use the Touch Bar..not sure what the hype was/is about.It's light/compact and has a slick look. Easy to travel with. 
Good computer overall. The interactive bar at the top of the keyboard can be troublesome. If you have a finger that accidentally touches it while you are typing, it could mess up what you are doing. 
Bought this for my daughter's freshman year in college and she adores it. I am a full time apple user myself, so she has always wanted one. It's perfectly sized for her college needs and will easily last her all four years. 
I bought this laptop yesterday morning (I know, I’ve only had it for a day) but I attend online college and am on my laptop anywhere from 12-20 hours a day completing assignments and exams. Well, this laptop has exceeded ALL of my expectations. Amazing product for the price, highly recommend. 
We never have had any issue with apple products and this is the same! We love the computer and how easy it is to use! The graphics are awesome and it is great for our kids to do homework! Always love my apple products!!! 
Easy to move through screens. Faster than previous MacBook. Has a great display. Speaker sound is really good. Touch bar doesn't feel very useful. 
Very pleased with this laptop. At first I was concerned about the small solid state drive; however I purchased an external solid state and have managed to save all of my photos and documents on the external drive, allowing me to retain space on the MacBook for applications and software. 
I love my computer it's very nice and it's everything I expected and more. The only thing I noticed was the camera quality, I thought it would be better but it isn't the worst. The Touch Bar is a very cool feature. Great computer! 
Wife loves the new computer. We have had MacBooks for over 10 years and this is no different than the quality we have come to expect. The quality is so much better than the windows based options we viewed. All around a solid choice. 
Bought for my daughter entering college. Wanted to get something that will last her all 4 years so we purchased this MacBook Pro and she absolutely loves it. It does everything well and at lightening fast speed. 
I’ve been buying and using Apple Mac computers for several years. They are always reliable and pretty much virus free. This computer is the same and has finger print recognition which is a great safety feature 
My son purchased this MacBook. He is an Apple person and loves it. I am not an Apple person and I personally think Apple products are overpriced and over rated. He purchased with his money, I would not have bought it. 
Since I was already an iPhone, Apple Watch, and iPad user, I decided to make the jump to a Mac. I love that all the devices are connected and talk with each other. Good long battery life. Wish I made the switch sooner. 
I thought the touchbar was silly but now I can’t imagine not having it! This is by far the best laptop I have ever purchased! Finally apple isn’t just recreating the same product! This is new and fresh! 
Small design, but great screen. The battery life is great. Keyboard is very easy to use and types nicely. Good, quality sound through the speakers. 
Basically it was time to replace my 2010 13” MacBook Pro and WOW, was a change. Now I can do Photoshop and Lightroom with graphics hardware enable. The only thing that’s a downer is losing all of the connectivity (usb, SD, etc) on the outside of the computer. 
Great computer. Last MacBook Pro I bought was in 2011 and finally decided to upgrade this generation. Many warned me about the inconvenience of using adapters for USB-C but I have found that I don't physically connect as often as I thought because everything is wireless now! 
I have used other laptops in the past and they were pretty good, but this one is overall my favorite. I love how I can connect my iPhone to the MacBook. The battery life is really great! And it charges pretty quick. 
My children found these gadgets very rewarding in that they navigate easily from one thing to the next. I always on for ever shop with best because of the expertise that the helper displays. Financially it's easy to make payments without holding your bank account hostage. 
This is my first Mac laptop. I would recommend this laptop to anyone. It is travel friendly and user friendly. It is fast and pairs well with my iPhone. I love that I can airdrop my documents and photos. 
Brilliant service as always from the team at AO. It’s a seamless process buying things from them and your products are always only 24 hours away.The curtesy call after you’ve placed your order, to arrange special delivery requirements etc is another winner as well.Quick, simple, brilliant 
I’m so glad that I spent a little bit more for this instead of the MacBook Air. This has better sound and the touchbar is so cool. Even if you don’t need to use it much, spend a couple hundreds more to get this. You won’t regret it! 
Amazing quality and features. Speed and accessibility is outstanding. Been a Mac user for years and they seem to keep improving more & more every year. I recommend for any beginner and any on going student for schooling. 
I bought it for $2,000.00 tax included and in 1 week the price when down to a $400.00 difference, i was so upset. From 1,699.00 to $1,200.00. "Really" i would like to know why it when down so low, "400$" in 1 week.All done and said the macbook pro is doing well so far. 
I moved from Windows to Mac, still in learning phase and exploring the Mac environment. It's pretty quick to load all installed applications. Love the display and sound as well. So, it's a welcome change! 
This laptop is not for photographers the memory is too low, and it the battery only lasted 45 minutes with it being charged at full! It won’t Handel major software for editing ! I don’t recommend it for that! 
I am in love with the MacBook pro. The touchbar makes it so much easier to navigate and all. The best thing is the price. This site has one of the lowest price for electronics. Highly recommended! 
I bought my son this Mac to go to school with. Always awesome!! 1 thing that kinda eats at me. I purchased an iPad and received my reward points. On a Mac computer! To my disbelief, you don’t receive points when u buy one at best buy 
This has to be the best 13' laptop out there. Initially I was concerned about the touch bar just being a nuisance but was surprised at how vesatile it is. It's so easy to use and excellent all around whether I or my kids are using it. 
Prompt delivery, especially during lock down. Product is amazing, touch bar is a must-get free ature and I hope apple moves forward with this technology. Two charging ports, and I can even use my Huawei charger on it. 
Bought this for our son for school. It is very easy to use, just like our MacBook Air. Will never go back to desktop or anything but Apple. User friendly, virus protected and with the great deals at Best Buy--great prices. 
this purchase is a lifetime invest for me! i am loving this macbook so much!! i am a very busy person on the go and im able to get all type of work done on it. i highly reccomend this product! team apple! 
I have always had a desk top computer. This is my first laptop. It is very easy to use. Has a touch bar on top which is very nice. Just love this computer, would definitely recommend it. 
This was bought as a Christmas gift for my fiancé. Her previous MacBook was bought back in 2013. It goes without saying but this was a much needed upgrade and she really really loves her new MacBook. 100% worth the price. 
No damage in shipping what so ever. Fast, free and secure shipping with signature. The best price across online stores. You don’t have to price check twice. Make sure to check out their credit card to save tax. 
This laptop is more than enough for my school work and overall every day use. Has great battery life and memory space for my needs. If you don’t mind the somewhat expensive price for the specs then this is all you really need. 
This is my first Mac Pro and found the staff very helpful and knowledgeable that went a long way to helping me decide to change from a Sony vaio I needed small and lightweight and the pro gives me that. Great product. Great price cheaper than Apple store 
Replaced my old Mac book pro with this one. Still trying to figure out how to use the Touch Bar. I also wish it came with the USB plug in cord. Not something I wanted to spend more money on after such a large purchase. 
I have had a variety of MacAirs and MacBooks in the last 10 years. These machines never die. The touch bar is a nice addition to the latest Pro version. I am glad to see its price has decreased over time as well. 
I was in need of a new laptop and I kept hearing on the radio of a 12% Apple Products, which you don't see very often. Did my research and Harvey Norman by far was the cheapest. Purchasing the laptop was really easy and I just did click and coolect becuase I was away trvaelling. 
I am so glad we decided on this Mac Book for the start of collage for my daughter. She absolutely loves it! It is lightweight and has all the features she needs for school. Also got a fairly good deal on this at Best Buy! 
After much research, we settled on this 13" MacBook Pro. Great decision! Perfect for a college student. Small, light, powerful. Everything you need! 
The difference in price from this to the macbook air was only $100 due to a sale and it was an easy decision. Jumping from a dual to quad core processor made sense. Great laptop and high quality apple design. 
I recently purchased this MacBook brand new and it appears to have a red line running through the left side of the screen. very inconveniencing, reason being I live in the Bahamas and to send this laptop back will take such a long time etc. kind of disappointed... 
I’ve had a Mac in the past but bought a hp a year and a half ago. It runs slower than my old iMac which is a 2009 version. Finally back to a MacBook Pro and I love it. It’s amazingly fast and the Touch Bar is awesome. Worth every penny. 
The computer is responsive and operates smoothly. Graphics are perfect amateur photo editing and some video editing. Battery life seems to be great and works well with other devices. 
I bought this computer for college. Honestly, battery last me 12+ hours straight. I can have multiple windows open and it doesn’t overheat or work slower. Does everything I need it to and more. 
It's definitely a better computer than my last one. The only drawback is the outside looks too pretty sensitive to scratches.But overall it was a great purchase at a better price than anywhere else. 
My second Apple Mac book, obviously all data, photos etc easily transferred. Certainly an up grade speed wise, also much improved screen clarity. Light and handy to transport as well. 
DO NOT expect to get much out of the storage on this MAC. I had to return mine for one with more storage. GREAT product - just not enough storage for me. I recommend spending the extra money to avoid any issues. 
All I all I guess it is a good computer. I wish it came with some more accessories for the money you pay. but daughter has no complaints at this time. She was not to sure about the touch bar at first but now she uses it all the time. 
The picture is great. It’s super fast and super easy to use. The touchpad is my favorite part. I can’t imagine logging in any other way. Thank 
I've been looking for a long time for a suitable laptop. Finally pulled the trigger and don't regret it all. If you're someone who wants to use multiple programs, at a price that is somewhat reasonable this is the laptop to get 
I have been contiplating buying a MacBook for a while. I have always had PC’s, I am so glad I took the leap and switch to a MacBook. Love it, it is so fast, and easy to use. Highly recommend the product yes the price is higher but worth it. 
Initially purchased a MacBook Air but then so a deal on Amazon for the Pro for the same price, which Best Buy painlessly matched. I'm personally a Windows user but this is what my daughter wanted. Thanks again. 
Have been on Windows since before Windows, but have Apple products so decided to take the plunge and change.....oh boy.....scary.....Best Buy was very helpful and I decided to buy. It’s a learning curve but not that hard and I have had a lot of help from Best Buy. Thank You! 
Upgraded from a 2014 MBP and this is definitely worth it. Some will say they aren't a fan of the keyboard, but after a week I am typing faster than on the old style keyboard. Speakers sound great, screen is nice and bright, and actually a fan of the Touch Bar. 
Scored one on partial sale, but since I’m BestBuy Elite when it went on sale the next weekend they refunded me the difference between the sale price and what I paid.Stoked.Computer is nice too. 
This MacBook is overall a good solid choice in computer. Apple delivered in this MacBook. This model is comparable to apples 13” maxed out model. Def recommend. 
Quick fast gets stuff done. Im in an electrical engineering degree program and this computer runs many programs together efficiently and easy. Highly recommend this computer to anyone. 
This computer is very quick and powerful. It links to my phone with no complications. I’m able to answer calls and text messages from the laptop. I’m able to complete all my work and web surf it’s exceptional. 
This thing is a beast when it comes to doing my video editing and even my web development work at the same time! Plus, the small size makes this super light and easily portable. Couldn’t suggest this more! 
You cannot go wrong with Apple products. My son is very happy with the computer and it’s helping him with his school work.Making the purchase at Best Buy was easy and informative. Sales person was excellent, would hesitate to recommend 
I purchased the MacBook for my daughter for college. She absolutely loves it. The Touch Bar is one of her many favorites. Being able to sync her iPhone and accessories is an added bonus. Touché 
First computer had some sort of defect and Apple Store wouldn’t replace it but Adorama switched it out no questions asked and had quick turnaround. Bummer I got a lemon from Apple but appreciated quick service so will be using Adorama again. New computer fine. 
Apple has always been a leader in tech and this laptop is no different. The major drawback, aside from the price, as usual, is the fact that it comes with less built in features so you are forced to buy additional adapters such as an adapter for the USB drive, which is the latest built in feature to go by the wayside 
Not a huge fan of the touch bar -- it stays on for a long time and you have to expand it when you want to access certain keys like turning the volume up. But the computer runs great, very fast and quiet. And it's cute! 
Have been using this for almost a month now and it is just amazing. Its battery is just superb its first drop is only very slow so you can expect it to stay way long.The processing speed is just flawless. Using it for development and it is perfect. 
Got this for my son for Christmas. If you own any Apple products, set up is super easy. If not, it’s still easy but there will be a couple extra steps. He had no problems and was using it almost instantly. 
My daughter needed a laptop for college and this MacBook met the requirements for her nursing program. So far so good. She seems happy with the purchase. We also caught the back to school sale! 
I was in need of a laptop but there were so many to choose from. Friends and family recommended the Apple MacBook. Played around with my cousins MacBook Air and loved it. Bought one for myself and glad I did. 
The speed and reliability of the MacBook Pro is amazing! Using the Touch Bar may have a bit of a learning curve, but overall, this is a great computer. I had my last MacBook for 7 years, and it was just time for an upgrade. 
Sure do wish that these were cheaper. And 2568GB should we base model. But no complaints. It’s a good laptop. You’re paying for OS X, not the specs. 
Let me put it this way. I would only buy a Mac computer. I don’t game and I’m using my laptop for everyday things. It just works.... that’s why I bought this for my kid. She needed something that work just work all the time 
This MacBook Pro is awesome. Even better than my MacBook Air, which I had for 5 1/2 years, all through high school and into college. Sleek design, fast speed...making writing and researching for my college classes a breeze. 
This computer was purchased for a high school senior to replace a broken laptop. It will be used in college as well. It’s a terrific laptop and the price was great. 
As a full-time professional photographer I have been extremely pleased with the performance of my 2019 13" MacBook Pro. It handles RAW image processing in Lightroom much faster than the 2011 27" iMac it replaced. 
Maybe I'll grow to love this model, do like the quiet touch, but really miss the ports my previous 2013 model had. Sale price was good but after buying a hyperdrive, primarily to use my Apple super drive, I feel it wasn't as good a deal despite the positives (speed, touch). 
I recently switched from a Windows laptop. I love all my files being saved on all of my apple devices and having my messages hooked up to every one of my electronics. I never could do any of this with Windows and the display is so nice and the processor is super fast. 
That’s my Best Buy so far I’ve ever got. High quality product for decent price and much cheaper than if I bought it from Apple Store. The B&H delivery was fast and the customer service was superb. Thank you B&H! 
This was my first time ordering from Adorama. Quality laptop. Met all expectations. Fast shipping. You have a new fan! 
This is used for school and 100% does that wonderfully. It has enough power, battery life, and storage for school needs. I’ve been using MacBooks for 12 years now and am always impressed by them. 
although an upgrade from previous versions it is still a bit heavy to slog around traveling. I brought one HP and one Apple. The Apple was a pain to carry as it was much heavier than the HP. And the HP converts to a tablet. 
A powerful machine. I used it everyday for work and it last on a single charge. That’s with multiple applications open at the same time. Great picture and sound. 
Apple has done a great job with updating the MacBook Pro. I had one for 12 years that I loved and now just upgraded. I love the Touch Bar. It makes navigating and launching what you are looking for so easy. 
Purchased this laptop for my son. He's starting college. He takes it to class and takes notes and organizes all the material he needs. Small and compact. He loves it. 
Updated from the Q8 to the Q80. It is like looking thru glass, from every source. WIFI 4K is amazing. And it interpolates our older DVDs with amazing results. 
It’s fast. It’s easy to use. Just what i was looking for to replace my MacBook Air. Working out of my computer in the go, it’s a little heavier. But worth its weight in ease of use for what I need. 
Bought this an an upgrade from my 2015 MacBook Air and I wasn't dissapointed. Great performance, awesome build quality and an all round brilliant laptop. Won't need to buy another for another 4 or 5 years. 
This laptop as far exceeded my expectations. MacBooks are very simple to use in my opinion. This MacBook Pro feels very comfortable when using and the quality of the laptop cannot be beat! 
This will be my third macbook pro and it wont be the last. This laptop is so user friendly and and easy to use, even my son which he is 12 yrs old he loves macbook. I always love mac and very reliable. Best and easy! 
Ive had a MacBook Air for about 7 years then I finally upgraded to this MacBook Pro and wow I can see the amazing differences. Ive been using it for work the past 3 weeks and havent had an issue. The screen is very clear and its very fast. 
I’m a little bit of an apple snob I’ve got every product from Apple TV phone watch etc and this was the upgrade to my MacBook Air! All I can say is wow what a brilliant peace of machinery does everything I need and loose and fees amazing. Would defiantly recommend! 
Second MacBook Pro I’ve owned. Still have no complaints on it. As of yet the newest features like the Touch Bar have been a great tool. Still seamless going from one app to another. 
A premium laptop BUT connections are sorely lacking. Just USB-C’s so you need to but a dock to connect most of your peripherals creating a total pain to make compatible. Isn’t Apple making enough money? 
So far, it’s a great laptop. Does everything we need it to do. I needed this quick as my Mac had died suddenly. I don’t know if I had time to shop around I would’ve stuck with Apple. It does get very hot!!! This can’t be good! 
No complaints from my son. Purchased for his first year of college and he loves it. Will be back for more as other kids graduate and head off to school. Nice gift for college. 
I know one of first point people mention is price compare to other windows based similar or better spec model but mac book pro is one step above them. I would prefer mac book pro over other laptop any day. best for college student!! 
This laptop is perfect for working at home! It?s light and has excellent quality. I would say the Touch Bar has to be my favorite feature! Definitely worth the investment 
The item is came totally new and really fast to my country. Though it shuts down without reason at 35% battery. This is an apple issue. I dont know what to do for this. 
My first, definitely not my last, MacBook. I was a bit nervous going in, but the computer is amazing. It has everything I need. I bought it for law school and it’s the best computer I’ve ever had. 
Sleek design. Touch Bar is super convenient. Finger print login makes signing in easy. Stays charged for days. Great price. 
I'm programming in Python and needed a computer with lots of speed and power for my needs. This is far superior to what I had before and now I'm just tearing through the lessons. Great computer. 
An excellent apple computer, for my son going to college. good price too. Open box computer. excellent choice. 
The Macbook Pro 2019 delivers a powerful tool to edit photography on the go. A small and light laptop with great screen. The main con, however the limited ssd memory. 
The MacBook does what it’s supposed to most of the time, but for how much they cost new, you would think that they should run optimally all the time. If you can get a discount or a sale, seems really worth it.If you’re between this and the air, I would spend the extra money. 
This Mac is excellent, great screen, touch bar and plenty of power and storage for anything needed. It is lite in weight and very quick to turn on. Good price fir the features and the benefits. 
This is a powerful laptop. The touchbar is life changing. Beautifully designed, feels like apple! The processor is amazing and the screen is incredible! 
Great purchase, especially if you’re an Apple user. The Touch Bar is a great addition and the Touch ID helps expedite you through password protected pages. A great investment for any Apple fan. 
The laptop is really light weight and fast. This is my first MacBook and I am not all disappointed. The battery last for really long time and touchbar is really nice feature for editing. 
If you like OSX, then of course you’d love this beauty. Great deal for this open box. Saved from 1499 to 800 bucks. Heck yeah. 
I bought this laptop for school work and it was perfect! It’s fast, the Touch Bar makes it super easy and convenient, and everything is easy to navigate. I switched to this computer from an HP and am very happy with my decision. 
I wasn't sure if a MacBook Air or Pro would best serve my needs but the woman salesperson showed me the differences and the fact that the Pro had a higher speed and the nice Touch Bar sold me. Then she guided men to purchase the year of Geek Squad Tech Support which I've already used. 
This is the second MacBook Pro I’ve owned. My first one, purchased about 8 years ago, is still in good working order and I can always rely on it. This second purchase is a great addition to what I already have. 
Apple computers are usually almost double the price of other computers, but they also usually last double the time in good working order. You get what you pay for a lot of time when it comes to computers. So far, this MacBook is great! 
At first, I was having a hard time using it, but after watching some videos on how to use the MacPro, I enjoy using it. I don't know why I never got myself an Apple Mac before. Its way better than my other labtops I own before. 
I'm a huge fan of Apple products and this MacBook does not disappoint; they just get better and better.It's compact yet powerful, sleek and responsive and is user friendly at all levels. I highly recommend. 
The MacBook Pro can handle multiple tasks at once, is easy to use, and a beautiful machine. I really love how thin it is, and the durability seems great so far. Would recommend. 
I love my new laptop. I have 0 complaints about it. My favorite part is the fingerprint feature instead of having to enter passcodes. I do think next time Ill buy the bigger display though. 
Bought this for my step-daughter because she was starting college classes. She loves it...its super fast lightweight and helps her organize all her college classes. Highly recommended! 
The product is great, but it's almost like buying a car instead of a simple laptop. It took two days to purchase my laptop because the time the rep was on the phone with whoever to get the discount approved was ridiculous and inefficient. The rep was put on hold for about 30 min while I waited. 
As a graphic artist for over 30 years, Apple has always been my choice, and the industry's choice, for graphic design. This MacBook was purchased as a supplement to my 27" imac at home to allow me to travel, vacation, more often, and it was the perfect choice! 
The best computer I have used. The Apple MacBook Pro is the best option for college because it is super easy to use and navigate through different classes. Pages makes note taking super easy and also studying. 
Upgraded to this from the old MacBook Pro after my computer crashed and it works well for a college student. The space grey color is also nice. Unfortunate that Apple has removed the USB port. 
My daughter loves her new computer. She is off to college next year and I know that this computer will last her a long time. It is sleek and elegant. She is loving it! 
I prefer Mac to PC but everybody has a different opinion. My MacBook Pro works great. I love the Touch ID instead of putting in a password. Macs are a bit pricey but in my opinion they are worth it. 
Product is as advertised. I DO wish there was some sales on products that people were needing to purchase to work from home due to COVID 19. It would only make sense that there would be an increase in home computers during this time. 
Best compact laptop, it gets the job done.Have been using it for a month now and I must say I quite like it, have not experienced any issues till now. Great battery and awesome touchpad. 
This was exactly what I expected it to be. Best Buy also did a fabulous job getting it to ship to me before we went into quarantine since it was out of stock at the store. It has made it possible for me to do my job. The price was also very good. 
I have purchased 3 of these for my company and have been very satisfied with the quality and features of this MacBook Pro. Very easy to set up (10minutes) out of the box. I highly recommend this product! 
Great computer even though I haven’t used it for long. My only complaint would be it has usb c ports which are basically useless so if you want to connect a usb you have to buy a USB adapter so it works. That’s the only drawback 
Got a great deal on this macbook pro. It's the 4th MacBook I own, and yes they are a bit expensive, but they just work. As Much as people may think the touch bar is a novelty, once you get used to it becomes second nature. 
We have always been Apple users, simply because they are quality products that last & last! Our previous laptop is 10years old, but still working! If you want reliable and user friendly, go with Apple. 
I switched from a HP to a Mac Pro and I need to attend some classes to learn more about the Mac. I am very frustrated with the new technology on the Mac. and have had to go to the Apple Genius Bar for help twice already. I will have to hold my review until I learn how to use my new Mac. 
I bought it because best buy had the best deal, I was thinking to buy a macbook but I got macbook pro with touch bar instead, better promotion and the computer works good, fast and I like to open my session with touch ID. I never had a macbook but it was easy to use it. 
Bought this for college, so far so good. Touch bar really adds a new level of functionality, especially when using Microsoft office products. A little expensive, but you pay for what you get 
This laptop is definitely a great buy. I bought it for my stepdaughter and she absolutely loves it! She really loves the battery life and thinks that the sleek look is amazing 
This MacBook is truly worth the ungodly amount of money you spend on it, although the storage system is subpar I have not had a single problem with it since I purchased it. But would definitely recommend the apple care on it just in case anything happens too it 
Got this laptop recently and I cannot say how pleased I am with this product. I’m still learning so many new hints that my MacBook Pro can do! I am extremely happy with it! 
Great laptop for a student but the only thing is missing is a camera. I'm an online student and I need a camera for some projects or exams. I realized after I brought it but I love it so far. It's fast and portable. 
I found my old Mac Book to be too heavy.It’s easier to hold and carry this one.The screen is bright and clear.I’m looking forward to years of use of my newMac Book. 
The computer was for my daughter entering her ninth grade school year. I haven’t used it personally but she is constantly on it, even if it doesn’t pertain to school. So if she’s thrilled with it, that’s enough for me 
Bought for grand daughter for College. She loves the style, color and the performance of this computer. It was a little pricey but she loves it and would buy it again for her ! 
I like MacBook Pros. This is my third. Best Buy getting the shipping address wrong was a problem. Getting work software installed was a problem. 
Love this computer.Easier to use than I thought.I had only used PCs before, so I was hesitant about a Mac, but it is really easy to use. I hope it will last longer than my PCs because it was double the cost. 
Amazing screen, the True Tone technology is very useful. The Touch Bar is easier to use than what I thought. The only thing is the battery life is not as long as I expected (7 hours maximum for normal use) 
It’s a MacBook what else can I say. Worked out of the box without issue. Setup took a bit of time but that is to be expected. Priced high as always but Apple won’t budge on that. Bestbuy had the cheapest price allowed so all is good. 
Purchased the latest Apple MacBook and was not disappointed. This was a replacement for my trusty old MacBook purchased almost 10years ago. I love everything about this computer. 
Very easy to purchase. Simple to set up and use. Very helpful to have Apple desk top and IPhones. Should have purchased one years ago. Convenient to have on trips. 
T like everything abt this computer except the lack of connections and superdrive. It only has 2 thunderbolt3 inputs, so I am buying adapters to use my printers, external drives, ipads etc. as wifi is not always usable. 
I haven't had my own personal computer for a very very long time. I've been using random work computers and WOW... at 50 years old I am sold on the Mac. I had to name it because it is so sexy. Esther is her name! 
I enjoyed this MacBook for the time I had it (1week or so) and eventually returned it because the thermal throttling was really bad. It would heat up way too much to the point where it raised questions if the MacBook would overheat. 
Great laptop for the orice. Persoanlly like the keyboard. I am in IT and this helps me do my day to day work without any issues. Find the touch bar very useful too. 
This Apple - MacBook Pro was purchased for school use and it meets all the qualification that are needed for student assignments. The use is easy and the Intel Core i5 has works great with high speed internet. 
This is the first time I will be using an Apple computer. And I am amazed at the beautiful and sleek look of the product. I also love the Touch Bar. Definitely a good buy. 
Great laptop, hardware is fantastic, great sound, screen and keyboard is fine. Only thing it doesnt have the latest OS installed. Youll have to download that from the App Store. 
I enjoyed talking with the sales people. They were very knowledgable and helpful. Good deal all around! Although I have been a Mac user for quite awhile I actually learned a few things! 
If you’re looking for a laptop that is mac related, and powerful enough to edit videos, then this is your friend right here. Keyboard may be a turn off to other people though, so i suggest try typing on the keyboard on a sample display. 
It’s the best for casual use and programming. Has most programming tools right out of the box. The new Touch Bar provides easy access to some of the apps functions. 
Kinda new with Macbook but there is no going back now to Windows! I love how I can easily use this with my other Apple products. I like the high resolution, the interface and everything! 
I recently made the switch from pc to mac and it's been somewhat easy. I really enjoy this macbook, it does everything I need it to. I took off a star because my first one had a faulty battery and I had to get a replacement. 
Didn’t think I’d like the Touch Bar. But love it. Replaced 10 year old Mack book pro. Much faster. The only draw back is it Doesn’t have USB ports and you have to buy an adapter to use a use port accessory. 
I bought the MacBook Pro 16 inch on 12-13-2019, which means by now I have owned the machine for a full week.BackGroundI work as a Field Sales Manager, which translates to my office has to be portable; that I use Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, Chrome, and email of course, hence why I chose to go with the base model 16 inch.In the time that I have owned the MacBook Pro 16 inch, the device has not disappointed. I thought being a 4lb device, that it would be a difference from the 13 inch 2016 MBP i moved on from, and for me it hasn't been that noticeable.2nd, I thought that because the device was 16 inch instead of 13, that the device would be too big, or that the size would not be portable, and I have quickly gotten use to the extra screen real estate. Yes, the device is bigger from the 13inch and would not be all that portable to some, but for me it works.3rd, the MacBook Pro 16 inch was not first choice, I was building the 2019 13 inch model, and when i would build it out with the most comparable specs to the base MBP 16 inch, the 13 inch actually cost more than the 16 inch, and then mix that in with standard 512GB, Standard DDRM4 Ram over DDRM 3 on the 13 inch, bigger screen, updated cooling, dedicated graphics card, bigger battery, it turned more and more into a no brainer.4th, Adding to the MBP16 not being my first choice, i was seriously leaning towards PC, simply because I wanted to be able to game on the device. However, when i was looking at the MBP16 competition, the internals were comparable, but what wasn't their was the build quality and the piece of mind of having accessible direct manufacturer support if I ever needed it.Competition I tried, wAS THE Razer Blade 13 inch, why? Because I was looking for an ultraportable, MBP look a like, and my only two choices I was coming across was the Microsoft Surface Laptop, and the razer and since you can't connect any form of an egpu to the MSL the Razer was my only option.Well guess what happend, i ordered the RBS 13inch and the moment I pulled it out of the box, it was bent. You could clearly see it from the keyboard, and when i went to put it down on a table to start typing it wobbled like a cheap diner uneven table. So end result I quickly sent it back and to make the matter even better, RB wont reimburse me for their support care because it was already activated when the device was ordered, so suffice to say I won't ever order another RBS device, ever, no matter the price.Lastly, the reason I went with the base model 16 inch MBP, is because of what I was going to need from the device. Since I was not ever, going to be 3D rendering, intense gaming, or cutting movies, the Base Model was the perfect choice.Before I bought and finally boiled down to my decision, I had watched review video after review video and had read review after review, I was getting caught up in what I was reading and losing sight of reason and what I was really needing.What snapped me out of it, was a video that wasn't even related to the MBP 16, it was a video by Matt Gonzalez, he was listing out why he uses the machines he uses in his daily and how each had a purpose based on his needs and that got me to think and why I didn't need to buy a spec'd out MBP 16, instead going with the an Open Box Base Model would do just fine.So before you by, don't give into sales people, YouTube Vloggers, or even friends, but trust yourself and analyze your needs and go from there, because in the end you are your best sales person ;) Less
Upgraded from my MacBook Pro Late 2013 (2.3GHz i7, 16GB RAM, NVIDIA GT 750M, 512GB SSD) to this model over 2 weeks ago due to a) age of computer and b) fat battery for treating old MacBook like a desktop computer with HDMI monitor almost all the time.LIKES- Thermals and fans are rock solid, slightly better than I expected. CPU stays below 50c almost all the time when using the laptop by itself.- Keyboard is rock solid and has decent travel. 15inch models from 2016 to 2019 all feel like typing on cardboard compared to this. Yes they do not have as much travel as my old MacBook, but it is definitely reliable/usable.- Screen is amazing. Going to 16inch up from 15.4inch actually feels bigger day to day then the number suggests. Can easily fit more content on the screen at the same time (e.g. lines of code or bigger preview window in iMovie).- Trackpad is insanely huge compared to before. Probably bigger than the roll you had for lunch!- Touch ID is incredibly reliable. Has only failed two times since setting it up.- Hinge is surprisingly sturdy. Can open and close the lid with a single finger with relative ease.- Speakers are ridiculously good. If you put your hand on them when playing bass heavy music, you cannot feel any vibrations.- True Tone Display definitely helps with easing it on the eyes day to day.- Storage being 1TB SSD has Read and Write speed at up to 6x faster than my Late 2013 MacBook.DISLIKES- Only USB-C Ports on the sides, but cheap adapter on eBay to keep permanently in the side of it makes perfect sense.- Touch Bar definitely has some perks, but is not solid. Like the Picture in Picture button you get when watching videos in Safari and sliding on the volume button. Wish there was an option to keep the old function key row like before, but always visible.- Not a fan of the text 'MacBook Pro' below the screen like on TVs, but you do not notice it during regular usage when you are not thinking about it.- Right clicking on the trackpad has a very small area in the very bottom right corner. Wish it was along the whole bottom right half of the trackpad.Overall I'm happy with my purchase, but thought I'd wrap up with my findings to make sure people look after their new computer.- Use any MacBook on battery only mode every now and then (aim for once a week) instead of treating it as a desktop computer, as doing so would lead towards batteries being overcharged and fat and they're not cheap/easy to repair.- Recommend getting a 7-in-1 USB-C Hub Adapter to keep plugged in in-line at all times.- I'm using a laptop cooler from my previous computer to help keep the new computer cool to increase its longevity but should not be required for this computer until near end of its life.- Using Apple Sidecar to an iPad Pro (for example) or USB-C Cables to Monitors with it, use the Intel integrated graphics. HDMI monitors will use the AMD dedicated graphics (with no way to disable it) which contributes more heat (around 5-15c), which heat is the enemy for longevity of electronic devices.- Recommend using Turbo Boost Switcher to disable turbo boost on Intel CPU for day-to-day usage (particularly for app and web development etc.) which helps keep the CPU slightly cooler.Sale staff at Good Guys Nunawading were great.Make sure you hold out till you can get a 10% off Apple Mac discount as you save quite a few hundred with this model. Less
I've purchased and returned a couple of these over the last 8 years. Like many of us, my (perfect) 2011 MBP started to really show its age and have problems. Many problems I was able to resolve (new battery, SSD, RAM, heat monitor apps), but it got so hot that it finally melted its own USB ports (which I got around by using a Thunderbolt to USB adapter) and then the final blow was having a beer spilt into its keyboard. :) That was a wrap on being able to type (lost 6-7 keys' functionality), and the final straw that made me upgrade.All the previous MBPs that I've tried over the years have had really weird feeling keys, stupidly removed USB/SD ports, and had terrible LCDs with no color depth (my 2011 had deep colors like a Plasma TV!!).This new 16' MBP (despite being twice the price that I would ever admit to paying) has been a surprisingly good upgrade.The screen is gorgeous (and if you don't like the standard color you can go into system preferences/display/ and you'll find at least 20 different presets to punch/warm/lighten the color just the way you like, even some that are calibrated to Nikon/sRGB and other standards).The keyboard is a little clicky, but it's a better feel than the previous ones I've tried (makes the 2011 keyboard feel like it had the key travel of a typewriter in comparison). I love the intelligent touch bar, the touch ID (fingerprint reader) that lets you quickly unlock the laptop and pay for things.Above everything else, I absolutely love how fast this thing is (16GB/1TB/5500/i9)... I can watch 8k videos on youtube over wifi and they load instantly!The speakers are incredibly deep and full sounding (like you're in a symphony hall, you can actually FEEL the sound all around you),The overall experience of using the laptop is really improved...for instance, it's only 1/3 as hot as my 2011 would get... I can actually have it sitting on my lap now without it literally burning my legs! I also love being able to charge the laptop using the same cable that I charge my cellphone (galaxy note 8) with... that's actually convenient and cool!Complaints would be: price (dang guys, $2,700 for standard configuration, even after $200 discount?!), the elimination of USB/SD card slots, I still miss the squishy keyboard from my 2011, the short 5' long charging cable that comes with it (what's up with that Apple?!), and most importantly that apple no longer supports 32-bit apps (such as iPhoto and any Microsoft product that you bought previously on a disk/key, now you have to download a new o365 version and pay a subscription fee. I'm sure there are other examples...all Apple's fault).Go ahead and buy yourself a USB/SD/HDMI hub adapter now, you'll need it immediately as you're setting this new laptop up. #facepalmBut, overall, it's a really nice and smart laptop, feels high quality and performs great! Less
It definitely runs faster than the previous Gateway 2 gig laptop I bought for college back in 2007. However, I must have had higher expectations for this Mac, considering with 16 gigs of RAM, I thought it would load YouTube videos much faster, along w/my internet television shows without blurring (sometimes) - but then again, there could also be something wrong w/the sites but I doubt it. So far that's my only complaint, even though I bought this laptop mainly for editing videos and photos (to be able to work on my creative projects). I haven't tried it for video editing yet, but hopefully it will work better than watching videos on it without the blur and slow loading time. My previous Photoshop CS3 will also not install on this new operating system, so I haven't been able to edit photos on it. Maybe I should have gotten 32 gigs of RAM instead if I wanted for it to process faster? Even without multiple tabs open, I don't think it should be that slow. If so, it's something I regret not doing (upgrading to 32 gigs), but I can't imagine paying several hundred more dollars for higher RAM. I thought the 16 gig would at least be sufficient. The 16 inch screen is also about the same size as my old Gateway laptop, so I'm glad I didn't get a smaller one, considering it's suppose to be an upgrade. I actually thought this laptop would be larger upon receiving it, since my old laptop is a 15 inch, but it's about the same size, just thinner and sleeker. The movies and videos though are much sharper and the colors are vibrant, almost too vibrant and saturated sometimes that (to me) it doesn't look as real and there isn't much I can do about it to change that since there's no way to tweak it except for the premade settings which doesn't help much. I don't want to return it, yet at the same time, I wished I had a faster laptop. I just don't have the budget to upgrade to a higher RAM with the 16 inch one that I want. So it's something I have to live with for the next several years I'm hoping it will last, since my last laptop lasted me about 13 yrs before it started crashing and glitching more often to make the change. Less
I have been an Apple only user for the past 15 years, starting with a Powerbook, so I have gone through the ups and downs of owning a Mac. I had purchased one of the new 15 MacBook Pros in 2018, and agreed that the keyboard was not the greatest and that all of the sacrifices for thinness were not necessarily a good thing.This latest model of MacBook Pro fixes most of my complaints about that latest iteration. The keyboard is so much better and more pleasant to use. The extra screen space is actually noticeable and very helpful for multi-tasking. It really reminds me in some ways of the old 17 MacBook Pro. I have also found that this computer does not run anywhere near as hot as my previous model. I like that you once again have a real escape key, and that the Touch ID sensor is separate from the Touch Bar. The Touch Bar is still just sort of gimmicky in my opinion, but your mileage may vary on that. The return of the standard arrow key layout on the keyboard is also a welcome change back. The speakers are as good if not better than advertised, which is also a very nice feature. It really is a fabulous machine, albeit I will look forward to the new version of MacOS as I am not the hugest fan of Catalina.Pricing is also much better with this model, to where I feel like you are getting good value for your money. I bought this version which has a better processor and graphics card than my previous model, not quite as much RAM, and the same size hard drive, and paid about $500 less. If you have been waiting to upgrade your old MacBook Pro because you didn't really like the new iteration introduced in 2016, this is a worthy choice.As a caveat, I would definitely encourage anyone looking to buy this machine to also purchase Apple Care. My 2018 model managed to fry its entire logic board, and luckily I was able to get it fixed for no additional cost. I also recommend purchasing an external drive and backing up regularly - if your board goes, so does everything else, including your hard drive, because everything is soldered to the board. So, do yourself a favor and get Apple Care. Mine more than paid for itself with just this one repair. Less
The first thing you'll notice is the improvement in the overall sound quality. Its really is an amazing improvement for both music and videos. It can handle a greater ranger of sounds without breaking up like before.Second: even with the base model, the cpu and video processing power rivals even a fully speced out 15" Macbook but with better cooling and much less power throttling than before.The 16 Gig of memory is plenty for most types of photo and video editing and even with 4k footage, I have yet to exceed the memory bandwidth.The keyboard is now much better than the failure prone 'butterfly' type of previous models and even offers a bit more travel in the keystroke making typing much easier and the Magic Mouse offers tons of space to navigate and is a joy to use.The screen is beautiful and more than enough to do critical work on at a resolution of 3072 x 1920, its not quite 4k but at 16" from the viewing point that most will use it at, 4k would be hard to discern the difference. And if you need more actual resolution, you can always hook up external monitors, the 16" MacBook can drive (2) separate 4K screens or even (1) 5K screen as an external device.The color accuracy rivals even some top of the line photo monitors with a Delta-E score of 0.27 ( the closer to 0 the better )With the lowest base model storage of 512GB SSD, it will fill up fast if your doing large video projects but, its wicked fast as an OS drive and that's really all you should use it for. With the cost of external SSD drive plummeting, it just makes so much more sense to keep all your data on an external drive and with the Thunderbolt 3 connection, there is no loss in speed.Long story short, the best value Mac has given us in a long time. Less
I've not cared much about bezels either way, so the reduced bezels aren't a big deal to me, but the more edge to edge display does look nice. Otherwise, the color and saturation of the display is at Apple's usual standards.The speakers are fantastic. Take a listen to "Sound of Silence" by Disturbed on the Conan show and I cannot imagine how you'd not be impressed by the depth of sound. I've been listening to various genre's of music on Spotify and just wow.They physical ESC key is nice and you can feel it by touch, especially if you tend to go towards the left of the key and work your way back so you don't hit anything on the Touch Bar.I was OK with the butterfly keyboard and may have liked it better if other keyboards I had to use were of the same style but jumping between it and other keyboards (especially a ThinkPad) was jarring. This keyboard is a much better compromise. There isn't as much give as a ThinkPad but the keys don't feel nearly as wobbly. They feel very precise with a good deal more press than the butterfly. I've been typing for less than an hour on this keyboard and it's been an easy adjustment after typing on a ThinkPad. Oh, and the inverted T arrows keys are so much nicer. You can locate your fingers on them without looking now much more accurately.Everything else pretty standard Apple quality. The laptop isn't perfect (what laptop is?) but compared to recent iterations over the last several years, this laptop model is finally heading in a positive direction again and it feels like Apple is listening. The separate physical ESC key and keyboard are strong indicators of that. Less
While I am not a dedicated Apple user by any means, my job has needs for both a Mac and a PC. In my usage, the 16in Macbook Pro (Late 2019) is on par in performance with any similarly priced PC workstation from competing brands in a streamlined package.The keyboard feel very much like the early unibody Macbook keyboards, which is a welcome change and feels very very satisfying to type on. The screen is beautiful and movement is smooth now that it properly supports 60hz(60FPS refresh rate). I just wish they could get a proper 4k+ resolution panel at this 60Hz refresh rate (See the Apple XDR display). As always the color accuracy out of the box is excellent, but offers support for just about any color profile including the new Apple P3 color space.There is 4 USB type C style thunderbolt 3 ports and a standard 3.5mm headphone port, everything I have plugged in, whether it be a USB C Gen 2 dock, or just an adapter from Type C to B, has worked flawlessly.My specific configuration is the 2.4 GHz Intel Core i9 8-Core (with boost to 5GHz), 32gb of ram, AMD Radeon Pro 5300M GPU with 8gb GDDR6 and a 1tb SSD. I have yet to find a workload that it can't handle. While not made for long and intensive rendering tasks it certainly has no problems with editing 6K RAW (if running off the local drive or super-fast Thunderbolt 3 RAID array), Visual effects work in Fusion Studio, modeling with Blender, or Maya, or working with absolutely massive files in Photoshop or Illustrator.I don't know to express just how highly I recommend this for creators on the go. Less
This new MacBook Pro 16" with 16g of Ram and 512g drive can replace my 2014 27" iMac with 32g of Ram. The vivid colors, screen resolution and processor speed better competes with my iMac, other than the screen size. I used a Thunderbolt 2 connection, along with an adapter to USB C, from my iMac to the new MacBook Pro and voila, a totally mirrored version of my iMac is now on my new MacBook Pro.I use a partition on my hard drive to run several Windows programs, and my new MacBook Pro handles everything I can hit it with, and some. What's really great is the Thunderbolt transfer along with all my settings from my iMac moved over to my MacBook Pro. You should always try this method when you buy a new computer. No fuss, no mess, and I'm grooving after a 20 minute transfer.I had a MacBook Air mid 2013 generation with an I7 processor, with only 8G of Ram and a 256g hard drive, which was the max for all 3 at that time. I traded it in at Best Buy for the new MacBook Pro and I received a $305 credit; what could be better?The battery life is great, except when running my Windows partition. I would estimate a 10-15% battery life reduction when I run the Windows partition. I find the I7 processor to be more than enough speed for what I use the MacBook Pro for, which is when I travel, or when I'm on my Lanai. My iMac is used in my home/office.I've played some intensive games on the new MacBook, and I've not been disappointed at all.The new keyboard is a pleasure to use, and reminds me of the ease of my previous MacBook Air that I traded in.Yes, you'll need one or more converters in order to use any USB 2.0 attachments, including thumb drives, but at $10-$30 bucks for the converters, it's a no brainer. I still use my Apple Airport Extreme as my router and backup device, even though Apple no longer supports it.If you're in the market for a new Notebook, and you're an Apple user, this is the machine for you!!! Less
I love this MacBook Pro and its my dream machine right now but be warned it has many issues.The first issue is that the MacBook will freeze, but, it's not a full system lock up. I'll be surfing safari where I notice it the most and the cursor and application become unresponsive. The music will keep playing and the Touch Bar works. However no commands will unlock the cursor and web browser and requires a forced reboot. This is sometimes once a day and other days it's more than 4 times.Second major issue I have is when I close my MacBook; because I take it with me to work or come home and the system has shut itself down. I'm then given a warning stating that the laptop shut down due to an issue would & I like to report. This is almost a daily affair and it's incredibly frustrating on this machine.I have done the hardware diagnostic to find no issues, I have reset the NVRAM, I have reset the SMC and I have restored this laptop twice from a blank slate no back ups and the issues occur constantly. I have met many on Reddit and the Apple Support Discussion boards running into this issue. Could be the integrated graphics but no one knows. It's still occurring months after release so I would advise to stay away from this machine until they either announce an update or a better machine comes along.All other things about this laptop are amazing and top notch and if they fix the issues then this laptop would be a top notch recommendation but until then I cannot recommend a machine that will cost a lot of people time and money with its unreliable and unpredictable nature. Less
The engineers at Apple have finally engineered a marvel. Using bleeding edge technology from (checks notes) 2013, Apple has finally released a new notebook that comes with an actual keyboard. The new keyboard is basically the same as the stand along keyboard that Apple sells with an iMac, and it's a great typing experience. The keyboard is the standout "old" feature, but the rest of the device is solid. The 16" screen is big and beautiful. The thermal properties have in fact been improved, which lets you actually get mileage from the 8 core i9 CPU. I would caution that being locked into using Catalina brings its own set of issues, the most notable being the dropping of support for 32 bit apps, such as Aperture. It also by default enforces a strict software signing policy on 3rd party apps, which can be turned off, but to turn it off requires running commands in terminal. It can be a source of considerable pain if you're migrating from a device with an older version of MacOS. All that being said, the device itself is actually fantastic. I know the review sounds a bit negative, but the truth is that this a great notebook that is finally a worthy upgrade to my 2013 MacBook Pro. I just don't want to get too carried away handing out praise for finally going back to the "good" keyboard they already had 6 years ago. :)Quality: 5/5 -- this device is well built and premiumValue: 3/5 -- the thing has an 8 core i9. It's a premium product with a price tag to match. There are in fact better bang for the buck values. But if you need/want the horses....Ease of Use: 4/5 -- it's a Mac. It generally just works. And when it just works, it is great. But Catalina has some design decisions that are going to be painful for some migrating users in terms of deprecating support for older apps, so I have to dock a point here. Less
What a beautiful piece of machinery! You can tell, as usual, that Apple takes amazing pride in their craftsmanship and this laptop is no exception to that. The clam-shell style laptop, when closed, is so incredibly slim that it's almost comical. How can something so small be so powerful? They pulled it off!The aspect ratio of the screen is something that you immediately notice when opening the system. It's not something that I thought would be a big deal to me - but it is. The screen real-estate is noticeable.As far as the many of us (myself included) that were wondering if you could game on this particular model - you absolutely can. I personally had World of Warcraft on it with all settings to at least "Good", and it ran flawlessly. I didn't really play many other games yet; but based on my experience thus far, I have every expectation that it will play games just fine.Whereas the typical Apple product is hardpressed to be representative of what most of us would consider a good "value", this year's product is definitely helping to fix that image. Though expensive, it is reasonably priced compared to any competitor with similarly spec'd systems (though nothing compares to this computer's build quality). If you have the extra cash and can afford this system, particularly for processor-heavy tasks, then this is definitely a machine that will bring a giant smile to your face! Less
The Macbook Pro 16 is the laptop to beat right now: it's the best Apple have made since their 2015 MJLQ2xx model with the scissor keyboard. Yes, it's very expensive but in a sense, you do get what you pay for.= Pros =- Fantastic screen. Vibrant and immersive, with very slim bezels and full P3 colour gamut support.- The performance: The 16 Macbook Pro simply blitzes through almost anything that I could throw at it. The chassis is a hair thicker and roomier than the model it replaces, which has allowed Apple to improve the thermal design. I saw no thermal throttling in my testing which is huge for an 8-core i9 in this form factor!- Build quality: Rock solid as always. There are Windows laptops with great hardware design but even the best of them can't lay a finger on Apple in terms of build quality.= Cons =- The price: Expensive. But then , you're getting options that were extra in the last model as standard this time around (e.g. 1TB storage) for the same base price.- Fan noise: It can get a bit loud but to be fair I'm coming from a WIndows machine that sounded more akin to a jet taking off than a laptop computer. IMO it's not a big problem.- No Wi-Fi 6: This is unfortunate. Again, not a dealbreaker but would've been a nice-to-have.= A note on the buying experience =I am a person who has probably spent more than $50K on online tech purchases, and I can honestly say that B&H are by far my favourite. The shipping was lightning quick and the price is also of course fantastic ($300 off Apple's price). Other sites simply contend themselves with copy-pasting the manufacturer's bumf. Not B&H! The site is extremely well designed, with genuine description and test results. Keep it up and you've won yourself a dedicated return customer.In closing, I recommend this laptop to any power user, and I strongly recommend B&H as the place to get it from. Less
I’ve always been a huge fan of Apple products and am happy to see this model having been improved immensely compared to the several previous models. As everyone has been saying, the keyboard really is such an incredible improvement. On the previous models, typing had felt like a chore and it was beyond frustrating having to deal with duplicate key presses. I refuse to use a Bluetooth keyboard when the thousands of dollars I put towards a laptop should suffice in providing me with an adequate keyboard. I do extensive typing in writing code, so this is something I really love about the 16-inch model. Of course, who doesn’t love listening to some music while they’re being productive? With the new speaker setup, the sound quality is noticeably better and louder. I couldn’t believe how clear Apple Music, Spotify, and YouTube sound at even 70% volume. I have nothing to complain about after using this for almost 2 weeks now. I bought the 512GB, 16GB RAM configuration and it is more than enough to Xcode, Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code, Sequel Pro, and Safari/Chrome simultaneously without lag. I mainly use React, PHP, and Apache for development—no issues with overheating yet. If you’re willing to invest in a high quality machine for development within a Unix environment (default shell is .zsh on the pre-installed Catalina OS), I definitely recommend this model—you won’t regret it. Less
Apple has outdone themselves on this one. They finally listened to their customers and gave them what they wanted. Slimmer bezel, which gives more screen size, better keyboard, and they fixed the throttling(overheating and cutting performance)issue with the i9 processor. The screen is beautiful. The extra .6 inches really does help. Ive never been able to game on a laptop because it seemed so hard to focus in with detail on certain games. Playing games on this thing in Boot Camp Windows 10 is just amazing. The battery life is amazing too. If you’re just doing basic browsing this thing holds a very long battery life. Editing videos on it have been great. It almost feels like I’m editing on my desktop with the performance of this laptop. I haven’t really found anything I dislike. I used to dislike that they made the swap to USB-C without adding at least one or two USB-A ports, but there is actually a decent amount of USB-C accessories now and if there’s not then you’ll just have to buy an adapter. If I had to be a super hard critic the only thing else I would complain about is the webcam, but any laptop webcam is going to be terrible. It’s definitely one of the better webcams on a laptop, except for the low light image quality, but that’s not even really a complaint for me personally. I’m glad I finally waited to buy something that was worth buying and not something that had major flaws in it Less
Could this MacBook Pro live up to the hipe ? well yes, yes.this is a magnificent piece of Technologythe 16'' is beyond my expectations.Flawless ... beautiful ,easy to use ,yes the keyboard is great but ..in all other aspects this is an amazing upgrade from any other MacBooks . I have used Macs only for 20 years and I can say this is a landmark laptop ... sure a few things could be fixed ..like not having a volume button ' instead of that weird thing at the top of the keyboard ..ok its not that weird and you get used to it quickly and in some ways its useful .I love the Touch ID finger print feature ... hate having to log in the old way . screen is a little bigger ..wish it was 17 '' or 18 '' for that matter ... I have a 27'' iMac and like big but .. I get it ...Its a lap top not a desk top ... but it would be wonderful to have an 18'' Pro ...lol.Looks great ,feels so solid ,and works beautifully.get the USB -C to USB -A cable and the beautiful cover by Neon Party ....( a beautiful cover to protect your big investment and so, cool looking . I got Black ... and it looks great .Neon Party MacBook Pro 16 Touch Bar Case (Black)B&H #IBNPCMP16BKQTY: 1I also got and highly recomend the4TB My Passport for Mac USB 3.0 External Hard DriveB&H #WEWDBP6A004Bfor time machine and general backup. I have several so I do not need to buy more than 1TB onboard .they work flawlessly with Mac ...plug and play right out of the box .Get the i9 chip(2.3 or 2.4 and 16 or 32 gb ram . but you know your needs better than me . Get best graphics card you can afford .This is a classy and well produced machine ... perhaps not for all ,considering budget but WELL worth it .There are several technical improvements that I am not qualified to address ...go on line and you will hear so many good things for the more advanced user. I am a Semi-Pro photographer and use Photoshop and have no complaints ... Catilina is just fine ... you will have to let go of your 32 gb programs ..but I have not found it a big problem . wish it were different but its what it is ... Photoshop works beautifully ...so please remember that .Lastly ...there are several choices of MacBook Pro ...and I believe they are all worth it ... but check with the experts on line .thank you and Enjoy . Less
Purchased a 6 core base 16 inch Macbook Pro to replace an older 2015 Macbook Pro. The first thing i did when I received the new Mac was to load it up with FCPX and Compressor (the Mac is used for video editing) and run some side. by side tests to see how much faster at encoding the new device was. To my dissapointment, in all h264 exporting tasks in both appications, the new 6 core 2019 Macbook Pro is 15-20% slower to complete vs the old and dented up 2015 Macbook Pro. Several hours of phone chat and remote Apple Care assistance has so far not yeiled a solution, and I was advised to take it to an Apple Store for further diagnostics. unfortunately, B&H has a no return policy for computers, which I was not aware of, so I am stuck dealing with this. HEVC, Resolve, Handbrake, all much faster on the 16 inch than the 2015 BTW, so. maybe a T2 issue. Other than the h264 issues, the 16 inch 6 speaker system is amazing. I was using it in my car the other day and my fiend thought the sound was coming through my cars stereo via Bluetooth, it has that much base. The extra screen real estae is noticable...my mother actually asked if my Macs screen was bigger when she didn't even know I had purchased a new computer. Thermals are really good on this Mac, always quite and cool vs my 2015. All in all I like the new Mac, first new Apple product I have ponied up for, but the 15-20% reduction in performance for the primary function of the purchase will have to knock a few stars off. For the $2099 out the door no tax price I paid, it is still okay. Less
First off, it sounds like hogwash every time Apple announces a new and improved product, always doing just enough to call it new. Well, in this case, they have genuinely nailed it!Let’s start with the keyboard...gone are the horribly lackluster and problem laden butterfly keyboard. Time and again I’ve had problems with its design from the start. Keystrokes were stiff, little travel and overall buggy problems. Happy to say that is all gone! Apple has gone back to the scissor-switch keyboard design and it’s immediately noticeable. The lush, long travel feel of the key strokes are intoxicating! The feel is so much better from before that it makes everything more enjoyable. Have a 10page essay u need to write? Go right ahead and get lost in the loveliness and feel of the keystrokes.Battery life. Once again battery life has been a topic of discussion and rightfully so. We get a maximum size battery allowable on airline flights and it’s efficient as ever. Apple claims an hour longer battery life and I can attest to getting just over 1h28m longer than previous model running the same tests.Thinner bezels. The increase in screen real estate isn’t too noticeable until you see it side by side with the old model. The refreshing Thinner sides make it feel and look much sleeker, much like the difference between the bezels of the 2nd gen IPad Pro and 3rd gen IPad Pro—-just better and more updated that before.Speakers. Speakers are downright scintillating! The sound cancelling effect here is really amazing. Music doesn’t distort even at high levels and has a pure, rich and full sound to them. Not sound at status but definitely the best sounding laptop speakers ever by a mile.Last but not least, the dedicated escape key and inverted arrow keys make productivity a breeze. Same goes for the separated Touch ID button now located at the top right.Lots of people will say that improvements are marginal but until you experience how good the updates actually are, we’ve got a diamond in the rough that’s been polished and shined to a reveal a marvelous Gem! Keep it up Apple! Less
I have owned each iteration of the MBP 15 (as well as numerous PC laptops), since the 2016 release. The MBP 16 is easily the best of the MBP bunch and performance/dollar finally seems to be becoming more reasonable.For the same price as the prior MBP 15, you now get:*** Better keyboard. This version is significantly more pleasant to type on and should leave the reliability issues of the butterfly keyboard behind.*** Better cooling. The laptop still runs hot, as do all with these CPUs, but it runs at higher clockspeed for longer. Depending on workload, I'm usually seeing at least a 10-15% improvement in CPU performance*** Much better GPU. This was my primary reason for upgrading, the 5500m is MUCH faster than the 560x and even the Vega 20*** Better display and battery. For such a small increase in display size, it really feels more significant and is a great form factor. Battery life should also be slightly improved due to the larger 100WH battery, but I've only had limited experience on battery at this time*** 1TB storage vs the prior model 512GB at this price pointAll in all, while you are still paying an "Apple Tax", it at least feels that you are now getting performance and specs more in line with what you would expect for a $2700+ laptop. I foresee my PC laptop finally being relegated to the sidelines. Less
I have been a Mac user for over 15 years, had the top notch machine of the season upgraded every 3 years as a work tool for video and content editing. The new MacBook Pro 16 with 64gb ram was supposed to be the pinnacle of technology. Instead it?s a very disappointing laptop with mildly enhanced performance.First and foremost, if you plan on running it with a dual monitor Setup prepare to cough up another $199-$299 for a docking station or a thunderbolt splitter.The device restarts when it goes to sleep, some issue with peripherals but your work must be all backed up before you leave it or you might lose some of the backup as it restarts. Seems like they didn?t get the entire thunderbolt architecture thing yet so the system fails. Mine restarts every day or two for no appear to reason.Performance wise: 8 use the same websites for the past few months for work, 3 chrome windows, about 8tabs total. On my old MacBook Pro those sites + video editing + some tools open equaled 13gb out of my 16gb ram. At one point while running 3 chrome windows and about 8 tabs total the machine had 45gb used! These are the same sites I use daily! This is ridicules expensive for nothing stable or remotely impressive.Wait for version 2 or stay away! Less
This is a great upgrade from the 15.4" model. Going up to 16" may not sound like a big deal, but the smaller bezel and the addt'l real estate makes for a much more immersive experience albeit with the penalty of a heavier and bulkier laptop. The screen is excellent (on par with other recent MBPs). The keyboard is definitely improved, with more travel and a better overall feel. The keys no longer feel "flat" and clacky. The speakers and mic are a huge improvement. I'm very impressed with the depth of sound from 10 to 80%; once you get above 80% volume a little distortion starts to creep out.This 1 TB model seems to be the price sweet spot. Start adding more memory or hdd space, and the price can skyrocket. This model runs Final Cut Pro and Logic Pro without a hitch. The body of the laptop (including the touch pad) stay noticeably cooler than my 13" MBP.Overall, this is a nice laptop. I still do think, however, that the Microsoft Surface line overall is a better value. At nearly $3,000, it's kind of hard to understand what you're getting. I think the answer is that the high price tag is the price of being in the Apple ecosystem; almost like an access fee.If you love the Apple ecosystem OS X, then this is a great laptop. Not exactly a great travel companion due to the heft, but fine around the house, the office, or around town. Less
It's a good machine. I bought this as a temp replacement for my Razer Blade Advanced that's now with the Geek Squad unfortunately. It's not as fast as the Razer Blade but its close and I'm not crazy about soldered components but I'll take it over a non-working machine.Here's my experience:Temps: Excellent! Light use (email) results in around temps of 80 F. Medium use (5-6 web browser tabs open, a few applications running, etc) temps are in the range of 100 F - 130 F (about 113-117 F stable with a cooling pad). Maxing out all 6 cores, I saw temps in the range of about 170 F (with a cooling pad). This is the first MBP and first power user laptop that I can actually put in my lap for light to medium use without cooking meat...Nice!!!Battery: No 11 hours yet as Apple advertises. I'm getting about 7+ hours on the light end and about 9+ on the high end.Touch Bar: After a heavy use of multiple applications, the Touch Bar froze and required a kill command through Terminal; not crazy about that. I miss the physical buttons for brightness, volume, etc.Finger Sensor: It's accurate and fast. Very nice integration for logging in and authenticating online and off.Speakers: They're amazing, the best I've ever heard on a laptop in terms of cleanness of sound and loudness. I find myself turning the volume down more than up. The sound cleanses I'd say is the equivalent to a $60 external Bluetooth speaker.Mic: I didn't find it to be cats pajamas as it's advertised to be. It's better than my Samsung Note 9 cellphone quality but not by much.Screen: It's a MBP, always awesome. Greatly enjoying the 16:10 ratio.Keyboard: It's renamed the "magic keyboard" but it's actually the older keyboard before the not liked "Butterfly Keyboard". It feels good for long term typing and sounds good...it always has. No complaints.If you're a Power User and not doing 3D rendering then I would keep with the i7 and upgrade the memory. In retrospect, I should have bumped up to 32 GB as when I'm running full, I'm typically down to 1.5 GB - 2 GB of free memory.My last MBP is now 10 years old and cost around $3,700 for a maxed out 17". That breaks down to about $30.83 a month. If this Mac last as long, then $24 a month is amazing for this caliber of machine for many years to come. Less
It's been about 10 years since I bought a new computer for myself so I'm really happy about this upgrade. I've been working with a 2009 iMac and a gifted/used 2011 MacBook Pro. I mostly use these devices to edit photos, and I was having to wait about 10 minutes after opening up my laptop for it to discover its own keyboard so I could start working. Excruciating! Even so, I had been hesitant to buy a new laptop because of the butterfly keyboards and small amount of storage options with the newer solid state hard drives. However, after testing out the new keyboards on these new 2019 16 MacBook Pros in person, I decided that the keyboard was good (you can feel when your finger crosses a key now), that 16 wasn't too big, and I even got more hard drive space than my previous used laptop had. All wins. And my photos export way faster in Lightroom! The only cons about this laptop are the lack of standard USB ports and the lack of extension cord for the power supply. I solved these issues by purchasing a USB to USB C dongle and a power extension cord. However, for the large price tag, I feel these items should have been offered as a free option from Apple. Great service from B&H Photo. Easy to navigate the purchase options and the package arrived promptly. Thanks! Less
I waited a LONG time to upgrade my 2010 17" MacBook pro. I never quite liked the 15" Macs that came after it so I kept waiting and hoping Apple would eventually put out another 17". However, now in 2020 my 2010 Pro is still working but showing enough signs that I worry about something major going out, and the trackpad no longer works well. So the recent President's Day sale and additional Best Buy discounts offered up a price that was enticing enough to convince me to buy the 16" Pro. Conclusion so far: A fantastic machine. The keyboard is better than what Apple has been putting on their computers the last 4 or 5 years, and it's almost as good as the one on my 2010 Mac (great keyboard). The Retina display is fabulous. The SOUND is quite remarkable and better than any laptop sound I've ever heard, almost like having a separate set of speakers with good bass, good separation, just wonderful...even for just voice recordings. I was never really excited about the touch bar, but I've found I like it a lot. Overall, I've been using Macs since the first one in 1984, and this is the most amazing one yet. Pricey yes, but Macs have always been pricey. For good reason: they last and last, sometimes longer than you want them to! Less
I suspect I'm an oddball in the Mac world being an engineer. Much of my work required I run in both Mac and Windows environments. 50% was using the mac, which is my preferred operating system. The other was windows through bootcamp to run much of the software that's not available on the Mac.So my 2011 MacBook pro 17 finally had the logic board die. It was a great machine and was regularly upgraded as the machine aged.I replaced this system with the 16 unit and quickly learned that I had to purchase anything i felt i needed to have in advance. There is no upgradability whatsoever and really hate this aspect of this machine. It was very expensive as a result. Would have replaced it with an upgradable PC but data and timing of the 2011 model failing, forced me back to a mac.So, breaking down the good and bad as follows:GOOD:- Found that the change from a set of hard function key buttons to a dynamic function bar is a real plus. I can see this as a real advantage for the more advanced programs. If Solidworks was available for Mac it would be a good example of a program that would take advantage of this feature.- Screen is nice with a good picture. (slight improvement over my 17 model that was replaced).- Sound quality is a very noticeable improvement and rivals that of a bose bluetooth speaker system. might not get as loud though and have not tried it yet.- Video from the camera I was told was much improved from those I have facetime interfaced with.- Cooling design appears improved over the 17 model with strategic vents location on the lower sides of the case.- Fingerprint ID is convenient and I see it as a plus under some conditions.- Processor is an 8 core Intel i9. Plenty of processing power.- Found out after purchasing a new copy of MS office home and student that Apple's equivalent versions were supplied with this machine. Apple's applications can all be ported over to Excel, Powerpoint and Word I found out afterwards...The BAD:- Can't be upgraded. So you either must purchase your upgrades in advance or expect to buy another machine with more RAM and storage at a later date. This is my number one gripe and wish Apple listened to their professional customers more.- No magnetic charging connector. Other macs at our home have been saved as a result of this solution from people tripping over the power cable.-There are USB C ports only for charging and need to be really carful to put the machine and cable in a real safe location.-Need a dongle for pretty much any connection you need.... I tend to use a wired network connection and had to purchase a dock to connect peripherals. I have lots of older standard usb and usb 2.0 devices and this was the only way to use them. (extra hundred dollars). Having at least an older USB port would have allowed me more more mobility which a laptop was supposed to have.-Battery power appears no better than my old 2011 17 unit. This is subjective however and I don't have enough facts to confirm this yet.- I preferred the previous 2011 17 model's 16:9 screen size as it matches most TV's and projectors now which made presentations and sharing data in native resolutions much easier.Conclusion:If you are a professional that uses a Mac for more than just e-mail, spreadsheets and presentations, it might not be the right machine for you. As time goes by upgradability will become a reality sooner to allow programs to run effectively.It appears to be a good machine however and hoping that the quality is as good or better than the previous machine.I hope this helps others in their decision making process. Less
I've long been a user of Apple products, so I"m generally a fan and this laptop doesn't disappoint if you're after a high performance machine and can stomach the blistering price that Apple maintain on their products. However, if you need horsepower for your work, this is a nice machine.Hopefully, it'll resolve the problems of the previous MacBook Pro models which suffered from intermittent hardware issues on the graphics chips. That's the reason I had to fork out for a new laptop, due to an out of warranty failure after an embarrassingly short period of time.The product itself is good. Installation and restore from a time machine backup was problematic and took several days, a support call and a reinstall of the operating system from scratch.The real kicker on this review though, which drops the rating substantially, was PB Tech imposing a 2.5% credit card surcharge on the purchase price (announced at the till, having travelled into the shop at a point it was not practical to refuse). That added a substantial bill.Frankly, I'm furious about that and it would have been better to purchase this Apple product from another supplier when this extortionate hidden charge is taken into account. Very poor service for an established business customer, which I'll be taking into account when I decide whether to purchase from PB Tech in future. Less
Overall I'm a big fan of macOS. And yes I do use Windows on a daily basis so it's nothing about being more familiar with macOS. I have several machines (both desktop and laptop) of both systems. macOS is just flat out better, for most things. So I think one of the best reasons to get an Apple laptop is for the superior OS as a lot of Windows laptop hardware has almost caught up with Apple (or passed, in certain regards, like touch screen).My first gripe is with the touch bar. This thing is not good. It's not functional. And it crashes all the time. I have the terminal commands saved to reset it. I am only really using it to do the essentials like volume, screen brightness, etc. I would pay more for the same laptop with no touch bar, just physical keys. I'm not some old curmudgeon who doesn't like change. This is my second touch bar laptop (I had a 2016 MBP that I eventually sold off due to keyboard problems, immediately after I had Apple replace it). So I've been using a touch bar for about 3.5 years now. Still basically pointless. If it didn't crash multiple times a week, that would make it less of a hassle, but it would be unpleasant either way.Second complaint is with the trackpad. I know that Apple has great trackpads and that holds true here too. A large part of the reason I still prefer Apple laptops is the trackpad, Windows machines have made a lot of progress but they still haven't caught up. But on this MBP, the force touch is horrible. You can't drag files around without triggering some force touch nonsense. I really can't believe that Apple let this out the door. The force touch is wildly different from my old 2016 MBP. I haven't looked up any details on why that might be but this 2019 one is completely different. I had to turn off force touch to make the trackpad usable.Other than those two gripes, this is a great machine. I do wish that macOS would integrate touch, use a FaceID (in addition to the touch ID, which is great) like Windows Hello, etc. But overall this is the best laptop on the market in this size and price range, hands down. Less
+Aesthetically its nice.-nothing can be upgraded+improved tempurature-old enterprise software likely will not work-/+ Apple watches everything you do in Catalina+/-Purchased 13". Core was running within 5 degrees of MAX operating specs, using 1 pro app (Reason 3 tracks, midi) no Chrome. Keyboard would intermittently die. Best Buys return was simple. Today there was an Apple recall on 13".-As a loooong time Apple user: get the AppleCare+ which brings your total even higher. Most Macs I have seen in the past for repairs need gpu paste or the machine gets too hot.-Apple maybe preparing to launch its own Processors aside from Intel in 2020. Last time I dropped hard earned money on a machine they were switching TO intel, invalidating a 5 month old purchase on a machine, and all my video software. Buyer beware.-Most pro software is now subscription based, making this platform even more expensive-As a tech person buying a machine, I am no longer allowed to repair it on my own, or upgrade it, thanks to the Apple T2 security chip. There will eventually be lawsuit over how thats not explained before purchase. I did not rent a machine, and brand commitment, is not a good enough reason for the price tag.+Its a nice machine for the end of the computing era, this is what we wanted from apple in 2008. Less
this review is for the regular consumer like my self that is not a Professional.I was watching a lot of reviews and videos about this MacBook and how is for pros blah blah blah. you already know how it is.but this entry level MacBook Pro 16 inch is here for a reason and apple knows it, I'm the type of person that love tech and I'm willing to pay the price for it and this MacBook is totally worth it,I do light editing and most of the time just emails web browsing, watch movies, Netflix, etc... so in my opinion this MacBook is targeted to those who love quality tech and power. like my self.now if ur a pro and depend on a powerhouse then you should go for the i9 version and bump up ram and graphics.but if you're like me that like to have the latest and greatest, this MacBook is perfect. I know there's cheaper stuff out there even the entry level MacBook Pro 13 inches looks like a better deal for what I use this MacBook for.but the bigger size screen alone is a big factor for my to pick this one over the 13 inches, not to mention that I'm coming from a 15 inches MacBook Pro and let me tell you the keyboard is a super big upgrade. I can type on this thing all day.what else can I say ( JUST BUY THIS MacBook ) don't go for the i9 if your not someone that needs the computer for editing. this one easily gets editing done as well so if you decide to start doing editing down the road, this MacBook is powerful enough to get the job done. Less
Just a quick background: I'm a software developer. I mostly develop webapps using python/javascript and popular frameworks. Usually I have photoshop, sketch, couple browsers (Safari, Firefox, Chrome) with dozens of tabs open, Pycharm (very demanding), Spotify, Mail, one 1080p monitor, iPad on Side Car and other several apps, sometimes several virtual environments. I do not run intensive workloads such a huge compilations or deep learning training:You should seek specific advice on that.This laptop was not my first option, as I wanted to save money.I spent $1000 and got myself first a 2019 Macbook Air. I just couldn't stand that thing. The interface was slow, got hot for no reason. The keyboard was so-so. Returned in one week.Then I went and spent $1200 for the 2019 Macbook Pro 13 two thunderbolt ports. Much better than the Air, but that thing was extremely loud and noisy. Battery life was terrible. Slow reading speeds. Also storage was just impossible to handle (128gb at base) and I felt really bad paying $400 for 512gb of storage. Come on apple, you are charging 5x for a slow NMVe storage, that's disrespectful.The Macbook Pro 13 4 thunderbolts (still bad thermals, but improved) with 512 GB. The price? $1999 for 8gb of ram, capped processor, no graphics card, unreliable keyboard.Even though, before settling for the mac, I considered the new XPS 15 as it supposedly had similar build quality with similar specs at ~%20 lower price. Saw at a store, extremely unappealing. Research showed severe problems with thermals.Well, finally BH showed up with this promotion ($2099 as of Feb2020) and I have the feeling I'm getting a good value for my hard earned money. Which is something apple users can't say often.The machine never gets hot under my workload, even when casually editing some 4k footage from family vacation, or when I'm running the full software stack I use daily. Keyboard is so much better, too.I would completely avoid the Macbook Air and the Macbook Pro 13, the value is just terribly bad. They are worthy only for casual use. If you are doing anything professional, and I really mean anything, just get this one. If you are short on cash, save. It's worth it. Any other laptop apple is currently selling is simply not worth it.I'm extremely satisfied with this machine. Less
First of all, I want to point out this was my first order ever with Adorama, and I couldn't have been more pleased. Very helpful staff and I had the laptop the next day. Very happy to find this site as I'm a Youtuber and always loved camera equipment.Okay, so on to the MacBook Pro 16". I've had many Apple laptops in my day. I couldn't even count them all, but I will say this. This is my favorite laptop (Not just of the macs) I've ever had.I was very surprised of how much horsepower this little laptop has, it even beat my fully loaded MacPro (Last true gen) in some task.What impresses me the most, is the speakers. Had some really good low end, it's almost like having a little boombox with you.The only cons I could say about this laptop is that the screen doesn't seem to be on the same level as my older MacBook Pro Retina 15. However, It's still good, I would recommend you turn off true tone, and calibrate the screen from within the display preferences.Then the next issue, which has to do with the OS itself. It doesn't run 32bit applications, so you may have to pay for some app upgrades. I had to upgrade Navicat and VMware Fusion myself. Of course Final Cut Pro works Less
After buying two Windows laptops and having build quality issues, it was refreshing to open up a device that was simply...perfect.I'm one of the few people who loved the butterfly keyboard, and the updated keyboard on the 16", though excellent by any standard, isn't my favorite to type on. Just based on appearances, I highly doubt this will have the same issues with dust and sticky keys that plagued users of the older MBP's.Speakers are incredible. Older models already have better speakers than any Windows device; Apple's sound engineers must be working with voodoo magic.My only complaint is the trackpad size. I prefer my wrists to rest at the base of my hand, and this is how 99% of laptops (including in this form factor range) operate. However, the trackpad on the 16" is so huge that the semi-sharp edge of the device digs into the middle of my wrist while I type. Apple's trackpads are already amazing and I don't see why they couldn't have shrunken it by 1" and moved the keyboard deck down to give a more industry-standard typing experience.Amazing machine otherwise. Less
I’ve been using my 2011 MacBook Pro for so long it’s like an old friend. I upgraded it myself to the maximum RAM and a 1tb SSD. It still works brilliantly but it’s two operating systems behind because it’s reached the limit of its software upgrade capacity. I knew I’d be left behind if I didn’t upgrade soon, but none of the newer MacBooks tempted me. Until this 16” model. I still can’t upgrade the RAM or hard disc (I hate that I can’t!) but this new machine matches the RAM and the SSD and improves on every other aspect. In spite of the large - and beautiful - display, it weighs about the same as my old MacBook Pro with only a marginally larger footprint. The sound is incredible and the trackpad and keyboard are great. I had to buy a new version of Microsoft office and my version of Adobe CS6 doesn’t work, so I’m looking for alternatives And of course I had to buy a dongle to use my existing peripherals. But other than that this is a superb computer and I’m hoping it lasts as long and performs as well as my old friend the 2011 MacBook Pro.I got a good price from Officeworks, 10% off Apple’s price, and excellent service so I recommend buying from them. Less
I have been using the largest most upgraded last model 17" Apple made in late 2011. I've used this laptop for 7 years. I'm a full time film director by trade, but on my projects I offline/online edit, offline VFX, write and make complicated decks to pitch my material. The old Mac has been doing a fantastic job hopping between After Effects, Photoshop, and Premiere. But at the end I was maxing my machine. Worked great until this summer. I literally got laughed at at meetings and made a lot of people on planes irritated, but I held strong. This is the upgrade I have been waiting for. Since the 17" went away I feel like Apple has been working out all the kinks for the last 5 years. This is the machine that will get me through another 5 years. As a pro I HATE to upgrade my computer its like loosing an old friend so believe me when I say, use the last 7 years of MY research and buy this computer. I would not have said this about any of the previous MAC books that came out before this. This is the same purchase I made 7 years ago. Thanks MAC for listening to us. Oh and I skipped all the lame keyboard issues this thing feels just like my old one. There are little MAC things that I could drum up for the negatives, but if you know MAC these are "quality problems" compared to using a windows machine. If you know your stuff this is a no-brainer. Onward! Less
This new model is speedy. Both the Photos app and Adobe Lightroom are quite responsive.However, the computer sometimes mysteriously pauses, which I've noticed to occur especially while using Google Chrome (such as when scrolling or typing something in the search/url bar) and also while typing in the Terminal. The pauses occur even when there are no other apps running. I've noticed, however, that turning off True Tone on the display reduces or eliminates the pauses. Hopefully it's only an OS or firmware issue and not a hardware-design problem.The keyboard feels too shallow for me, and I'm thinking that I should start using an external keyboard for home use and only use the laptop keyboard when I'm away from my desk. Also, the touch bar is sensitive enough, that it sometimes activates when I type (example: the volume control will appear). Maybe it's the way I type, but I never had that kind of problem with my old MacBook Pro with physical function keys. Less
I've been a loyal Mac user for many years. My current set up is a bank of 3 (2011) iMac's I use for photo editing as well as CAD and other design work.There was always something holding me back from getting a MacBook Pro. First the 17 MBP was discontinued...and most recently the keyboard issues and lackluster performance. Then...this 16 MBP was introduced late last year and I was suddenly very intrigued! The incredible instant savings of $300 was probably what closed the deal for me!The Retina display is most impressive and beautiful...The 8-core i9 processor and AMD Radeon Pro 5500M GPU are more than capable of handling heavy Lightroom and Photoshop needs. My workflow is such that I don't intend to store RAW files on my MBP...and organizing jobs with portable SSDs is much easier...having 2TB on board is great to have!Thunderbolt 3 is incredibly fast and flexible. Not every peripheral I use are TB3 compatible...but there are great docks out there that make TB3/USB-C connectivity super easy.This machine is Apple thru and thru. Beautiful design and build quality. Most importantly...it just works the way it's supposed to! Everything I do within my workflow...I can now access and and work on from anywhere!Very happy with my purchase!!! Less
I had been a Mac & PC user for more than 20 years now. I switched to Mac for my personal computing in 2010 and continued to use my old MacBook Pro for 10 years before I decided it was time for an upgrade... I read more than 25+ reviews online to compare and decide if I need to switch to a MacBook Pro or an iMac... Well, this MacBook Pro 16 inch made it a lot easier to decide...Macs are the longest-lasting laptops in the world and this 16 inch will sure take it to the next level. From the start, the speed at which I render my tasks and the GPU comes into full force when I work on power-intensive apps such as Lightroom and Photoshop...Add to that, this Mac comes with 4 thunderbolt USB C ports and a headphone jack making the look much sleeker, trendy and cool...I also grabbed a bunch of accessories online and at best buy to pair with my mac...Overall, Best Buy continues to surprise me with offers and discounted prices which makes it easier to get my products without a 2nd thought.I love my Mac and if you are thinking of buying one for you or your loved ones, there is nowhere else to go than Best Buy...Buy a MacBook Pro 16 inch! These things last longer (10+ years) and you'll never regret your decision! Less
As someone who’s owned both 13’ and 15’ MBP from the butterfly era (2019 13’ and 2017 15’) , I realized after using this machine how much the little quirks from those laptops annoyed me, and how fixing them with this model has made it a joy to use...First off the keyboard. The butterfly keyboard never grew on me. Usable? Yes. Enjoyable? Not if you’re typing for extended periods. My fingers always felt a little sore after a few pages. These feel cushy, springy, and just all around much more nice to type with. Honestly the new keyboard gets me a little too excited lol.Second, the screen. You wouldn’t think .6 inches of added space would make a difference, but it does. The screen feels so much more modern and immersive and gives me more space to fit In documents and web pages without compromising their size. Also, I do feel like it is just a tad sharper than my previous 15’, even though it’s only 7 ppi more. Bright and colorful as always.My other major factor with my previous 15 inch was battery. I would always have battery anxiety when out and about. Although it would last a respectable 6-7 hours depending on usage, the battery percentage would click down just a little too quickly for my liking, and it would always be at the back of my mind. This machine has alleviated that. No, it’s not as good as my old MacBook Air, but I definitely don’t check the percentage anymore. Even watching YouTube, writing documents, surfing the web, using Spotify, I get a comfortable 8-9 hours WITH about 75% brightness.Finally, the speakers. Oh the speakers. These are just *chef’s kiss* magnifique. Rich, nuances, loud, clean, I honestly can’t listen to music on another laptop after these. It’s ruined me.Overall I’m so pleased with Apple. I was always a fan, but this really solidified them in my mind as the premiere best all around manufacturer of laptops when considering the OS as well. AND the same starting price as original 15’ with more storage and updated almost all other internals?! Well worth the .3 lbs it adds to my backpack.If you’re considering this and you have the cash, get it. Its honestly a no-brainer. Less
When it comes to spending money on computers I look at it this way. How much time do you spend using the product? What is it used for?If you are like me and spend most of your time on your laptop for both pleasure and work the cost (Apple tax as some call it) is well worth it. The screen is amazing, though the blacks look better on 15 XPS OLED screen. All the things that I didn’t like about the past 15 in models from 2016 are fixed. The keyboard is better. The performance is way better because of better thermals. The video cards are much better than the pervious cards. The speakers are just WOW!This is a laptop for content creators. If your work is photo editing and video editing this is the right laptop for you if like Mac OS. Programs like FCPX perform better because of metal optimization and I find Adobe Lightroom is working faster on this machine because of CPU optimization. There are plenty of awesome laptops on the PC side that have better ports and Nivida GPUs that on paper are so much better than what is found in the Mac. So we have lots of options which is good for everyone. The SD card would be nice but honestly maybe the next camera I buy will use CFast so I think that’s not such a big deal.At the end of the day I prefer the Mac experience over windows. (Highly subjective). I spend at least a few hours a day on this thing. I make money with this thing. So I always say spend money on things that you use everyday. This is worth it if you use it for what’s it meant for and when you want to relax and watch a movie or listen to music it’s great to.If your not a content creator buy something else. If you want the best bang for your buck and like windows don’t buy this. If you want the most powerful machine build your own. No product is perfect but this is the best laptop Apple for pros in years. Less
Switching from a 13 inch model to this one is a huge jump in performance and graphics, at the expense of portability but I prefer to be able to do anything I need on the go rather than having the need for 2 computers (laptop & desktop).Pros:- Improved thermals = better performance, mine came with the i7 processor and while compiling apps or exporting images on Lightroom it was able to maintain 4.30 Ghz for as long as it’s required. Monitored using Intel’s Power Gadget.-The new magic keyboard feels much more better physical esc key is a big plus for me (I would prefer standard keys instead of Touch Bar)- The speakers sounds amazingly loud and clear, to the point that now I find myself streaming more in my mac than on my phone.- Noticeable improved mic, old Macs sounds like if you are talking through a tube compared to this one which is more clean.- Relative inexpensive graphic card upgrade.- Base model now comes with 512GB.Cons:- Touch Bar (mine has become unresponsive 2 times within my first week).- Poor webcam quality.- No WIFI 6 (not good for long term).- No SD card reader. Less
Apple has finally listened to the customer when designing the NEW 16'' MacBook Pro. For the first time since 2015, function was considered over form; thank you Apple. This model is both larger and heavier, however, I am not at all bothered by it. The Butterfly Keyboard is dead and the replacement brings back an improved version of the 2015 model. The typing experience is very nice and does not feel mushy in any way. The increased weight is easily justified with better battery performance; the largest allowed by federal regulations for carry-on items (100w hrs). Additionally, thermals have been beefed up and it shows. Larger fans, exhaust ports, and heat pipes have made the machine quieter and no longer chokes up the processor with design flaws. I would say this laptop is near perfect. The exclusion of an SD card slot and the 720p front facing camera is a slight letdown, but with all else considered, it's a winner. You will definitely notice the difference in comparison to the 2016-early 2019 models. Less
First off, 100% happy buying from B&H. They shipped fast and had customized Macs in stock same day I ordered which is hard to find elsewhere.Love the new Macbook Pro... The most expensive Mac I've ever purchased, but worth it. I'm a graphic designer and work primarily on large scale graphics/print layouts. Was nervous about what upgrades to get because the internet only seems to care about video editing. I use Illustrator mostly, and it's utilizing just over half 64gb (glad I maxed it out for future-proofing) and it also seems to be nicely utilizing the graphics card. (Glad, I maxed that out as well. Works great with gaming too.) Only the future will reveal if the cheap 2.4ghz upgrade was worth it... The only cons are the ports (hard to be fully in USB-C world) and the webcam leaves a lot to be desired... which is particularly relevant in 2020 society IMO. Overall, I'm glad I bought the computer with the upgrades... just hope there's no significant technical flaws in the design that surface in upcoming years. I want to use this for a while. Less
I was looking to upgrade my Mid 2015 MBP ... and Adorama always has additional discounts and great service. Whether I'm buying the Fuji X-T30 system, extended AppleCare or my new MBP 16" ... Adorama prices and service has always been top notch through the years. Free shipping and tax savings are always a bonus!The new MBP 16" is everything I was looking for ... same great keyboard as my 2015 MBP. Larger and brighter screen, faster processor, higher quality sound, Touch Bar is just OK for my needs, the fingerprint log in is a nice feature as I keep my MBP locked at all times ... larger scree, yet it's thinner and same dimensions as the 15" MBP!I the only downside is now having to convert and order different USB to USB-C converter cables for my devices. The big downside is not having a built in SD Card reader! I realize that Apple wants more use out of its Cloud storage and such .. however, what if you have multiple cameras and want to quickly look at a group of images you just shit? Without that SD card reader, it just takes extra steps ... or you have to buy an external USB-C dock with SD reader? Not sure why Apple has decided to go this direction?Aside from these small negatives ... the new MBP has a lot of great positives that sold me on upgrading. Less
At first I was unsure about the size, going up from a 13” mbp, but it is still super manageable. You have to take into context that this is the size of most 15” windows laptops.Battery lasts longer than my 13” mbp even when it was new. This is crazy because of a decently powerful GPU & 6 core processor being readily available (yet mostly unused). They obviously optimized for battery.I’m a writer / trader who has 10 applications and 15 tabs open at once, so this machine is overly capable for what I do. Since I do so much multitasking, the 16gb of ram is noticeably better than 8gb on the 13” and I’m guessing the better CPU will help in the long run.I do play world of Warcraft and it is a pleasant experience even with 2 monitors connected & running different tasks.Then, obviously MacOS provides an unmatched experience, especially since I have an iPhone and iPad. I sold my gaming desktop for this because I graduated college and it is a much better medium for productivity, power and not being distracted. Less
My last Macbook Pro was a 2013 model. I planned to upgrade a few years ago, but the price combined with the reported keyboard issues kept me away. The latest model has addressed both of those concerns with a new keyboard style and much more competitive pricing. Why not 5 stars? For one, the weight/bulkiness of the 16” feels close to what my 2013 model weighed even though it doesn’t have an optical drive. This isn’t a deal breaker, as I don’t need it to be ultra-portable, but if you are someone who carries your laptop around with you everywhere this may be a negative. Another shortcoming is that Apple no longer includes the long 3 prong power cord extension. When you pay over 2k for a laptop it seems cheap to not include it. Lastly, I’ve had the laptop a few weeks and on one occasion the screen starting flicking rapidly and only stopped when I put the computer to sleep and woke it up again. I’m hoping this was just an anomoly as it was concerning to see on my brand new laptop. Less
The maxed out specs are great. I have no issues with lightning fast .mp4 h264 renders, but there's a bit of a beep show when it comes to NLEs such as Adobe and Apple right now. Neither of the two are taking care of implementing a fix to an issue with Metal Rendering with their new Radeon 5500M Graphics Card. I'm experiencing, when using Metal Rendering, banding and discoloration on footage.Don't get me wrong, the hardware is great, it performs well, but the software is holding this machine back right now. Until Adobe and Apple/AMD fix their software and/or update their GPU drivers this machine is limited. Don't just take my word for it though. Do a search on google and find loads of forum posts on Adobe about several users having issues with the MBP 16. I hope this review saves you time and pain. It seems the only work around is to use the deprecated OpenCL Hardware Acceleration, which is a real shame given that I shelled out $4500 for this machine.This will hopefully be resolved in 6 months to a year from now... hopefully. Less
I actually bought the 15 inch first, 3 days before this came out, and ended up swapping it out since I still had the time. So glad I did, not only is the keyboard finally back to a total touch typable standard, as well as just being more comfortable and confirming of key presses, the jump in graphics processor, ram, and SSD space for the same price were definitely worth it, but the biggest surprise to me has been the speaker quality. It's the highest sound quality i've heard from a laptop EVER, even after owning HP computers with B&O speakers, there is NO comparison.This is the pro laptop we've been waiting for since 2016 from apple. (sans any upgradability, but that's more common from everyone these days saddly) And even if it wasn't 100%, they definitely listened to quite a bit of customer suggestions in this computer.PS, unless you're into photo/video editing or digital design, you probably won't notice much different with the display, but if you are, the slightly improved resolution will be nowhere as big of a deal as the more accurate color gamut, and changeable refresh rate for the first time on a built-in mac display.Pros/Power users will not be dissapointed. Less
Just a price match reminder upfront: Best Buy will price match major online competitors. At least two of them have this same model at $300 off rather than the $100 off Best Buy is offering, but Best Buy will price match for you!I have had multiple used MacBooks in the past. This is my first new one and it is a marvel of engineering. I have used it for a while now and it has been a very refined experience. I love the screen, touch bar, keyboard feel, and all of the other details Apple got right.Most recently I was using a Razer Blade 15 (2018) for my design work, but it tended to run out of juice fast if I was doing anything that required significant resources. I think Apple has really struck a nice balance in this model between power and longevity.Apple is also going to be releasing an OS upgrade that will increase the battery life of newer MacBooks, so that's nice as well.I didn't realize how much I missed Apple until I came back, and they hit it out of the park with this MacBook Pro! Less
This is my first MacBook Pro since I bought the top of the line 13 in 2012 so it's a big difference. The way Apple thinned it out gives a lot more screen real estate (even though the weight is around what the 2012 model weighed). It's an impressive looking machine and what stands out so far is the speaker system which almost fills a room - it's got real boom and depth. I got the base level and I haven't put it to a processing test yet (which will be video editing, some 4K) but when compare the RAM, processor, etc. to other base level MBPs out there right now it seems to have more bang for the buck and provides that staying power that I want. I guess I will get used to the 4 USB-c as I need the right adaptors, etc. but hopefully what this means is that Apple R&D decided this would be THE port for a while and that in time will make a lot of things easier. And it's nice that this is the same port used for powering too. I did a lot of research on this and overall it seems like it will be a lasting machine - definitely not as easy to lug around daily as an Air or 13 but I guess that depends on how much you are willing to lug around. So far I would recommend it though. Less
Apple has listened to their customers and has finally crafted a Macbook Pro that's a worthy successor to the much-loved mid-2015 model. The keyboard, which was formerly a break-prone butterfly mechanism is back to the good ol' scissor switch style. While there may only be USB-C ports on these new machines, there's a least a plethora of them. 2 on each side and any of them can accept the power adapter, meaning you can plug in the Macbook on whichever side works best for your setup. The TouchBar is beginning to be supported by more apps and the Touch ID sensor works quickly each and every time. Speed alone, this computer flies. You can even install Parallels with Windows 10 if you need to use your Windows apps...and this thing FLIES compares to even the best Windows laptop. I had used Windows laptops basically my entire life except at work, but I'm now an Apple convert. Put simply: It simply works. Less
I just upgraded from at 2012 MacBook Pro 15 to this MacBook Pro 16 2019 and it's outstanding! A big leap in quality, power and performance. The Screen resolution is so clear and detailed. I thought I wouldn't have a need for the Touch Bar, but now that I have it, it's a cool little feature. I'm impressed. The only downside was not having the number of different ports on the sides as the previous models, but I easily found some dongle options to use to be able to connect my external screen, drives, keyboard etc. and it works great. I had been shopping around for a number of weeks, and the configuration I wanted would take about 2+ weeks to be in stock, but then I checked back a few days later, and the perfect configuration I was looking for was in stock. Best part, is B&H excellent service, the MacBook arrived quickly, well packed, and I was able to use the PayBoo credit card to save some bucks on the purchase! Awesome, no other retailer does that...I'm a loyal customer/fan now! Less
First the pro's:The machine is fast. For the photography work we do it's plenty fast.Beautiful large screen. I didn't think it would seem much different from the 15 but it's noticeable, clear and crisp with excellent color.A keyboard that actually works and a massive trackpad. In use both have worked smoothly and efficiently.The con's:It's heavy, I know the specs say it not much more then the previous model but it's noticeable.Expensive - You can get the previous models for a lot less.Only USB-C ports. On my previous laptop the USB-C ports seemed to get loose over time. That's a concern since one only has four of these to work with. So like everyone else I have dongles and a USB-C multiport hub.You have to be on 10.15.x Catalina to use this computer. That means older legacy apps will not run. Annoying but not a game changer. However some regular apps also have trouble installing and running under Catalina and this has cost me time resolving each of the various glitches.The trackpad? Ok, I put this in the pro's column as well. For most I think they'll love it. For some the trackpad is so large it can get in the way.Lack of upgradeability. Buy it the way you think you'll need it down the line. You can't add RAM later or upgrade the video. Of course this is an issue with Apple today across their product line. So if you accept this going in you're aware of the restrictions. It doesn't mean it's ok or that we like it.Bottom line:I'm glad I went with the latest laptop and appreciate the larger screen. It's also nice not to have to worry about doing a keyboard exchange down the line. Biggest downside is the weight but I should get used to it. Less
Was one of the first ones in the store to buy the Base MBP 16 when launched. Liked it, but felt mine had some thermal constraints surprisingly with i7. Called Apple many time to troubleshoot and was advised an exchange. BB guys are always great to help and solve issues within their reasonable capabilities (and some beyond) which I truly appreciate. Luckily they had the i9 in stock which they matched the price (from thanksgiving) and exchanged it. NOW I CAN FEEL THE DIFFERENCE in performance. No wonder i9's are always sold out or wait listed. I would avoid i7 on this (as its similar to 15.4) buy i9 as it has made a great improvement instead.My use is mainly graphical and less rendering now, but I'm sure this can handle more complex needs in the future.Tried XPS 7590 too, liked it for 2 days before it "started launching" like a rocket and generating enough heat to "act like a small room heater"..literarily .THIS IS GOOD. Less
I first want to say that I'm coming from a MacBook Pro 2012 w/Retina display. So I'm sure you can imagine the power difference I'm experiencing. This laptop is the real deal. beautiful display, uncanny speed, and does my editing and coding like a champ. I almost was beginning to think I should have gotten one with less power and save money. The key board feeling is amazing and Im still getting used to the Touch Bar but ultimately it has yet to bother me or make think about it whether that be good or bad, all I can say is . . . .its there. Ports are not a problem with a hub and transfer speeds are pretty amazing. I originally though 1TB wasn't going to be enough but considering I came from a 128gb its a huge step up and I've already invested in so many hdd's that I was able to put the essentials on the laptop and keep the media off leaving me with plenty of room. Overall, its an amazing laptop w/amazing battery life. Great job apple Less
Ok, It's a MacBook Pro. Not much more I can say. But I have two issues. First, the track pad is actually a little too large for me. With my previous MacBook Pros I was very pleased but this track pad is huge and when I rest my hands like I normally would my hands actually touch the pad and cause some inadvertent mouse clicks and mouse movement so I'm having to relearn and rework muscle memory. Another issue is the Touch Bar. Never really was a fan of the touch bar. My left hand constanly touches the bar and inadvertently makes things happen unexpectedly. Again, I find myself having to move my hands and where my fingers rest to overcome the issue. While this might not sound like a big deal to some it's definitely worth mentioning for folks with large hands and long fingers. Aside from those little issues, this ting is a beast like you'd expect. Less
I am using this machine for work, and I went in with an open mind. I generally hate apple products, but I figured it'd be good to learn the OS. If you're a mac user You'll probably love this, but if you're anything else Linux/Windows don't even... The OS is just too different, along with key layout and usage. Now for the hardware. The innards seem to utilize the OS just fine. However the keyboard and touchpad are ATROCIOUS. I feel like I am not even typing, or that i have to mash down on the buttons. Sometimes I do the chicken scratch. It just doesn't feel right. The touchpad, no amount of finagling makes it better. The left and right clicks just don't want to work. And you have to change the settings when you go from touchpad to physical regular mouse when scrolling. I would never recommend this or any apple device to anyone after this experience. Oh and the touch bar is simply a gimmick. I have found no real purpose to it. What functionality I use on it could've easy been FN keys. Less
Until this Late 2019 MacBook Pro, my favorite MBP was the 2015 model. The 2015 model was solid (keyboard, display, plenty of ports, etc.). I have a 13 2016 MBP with two Thunderbolt 3 ports and while I like the size of it...the keyboard sticks all the time.But with this new 16 MBP, Apple seems to have fixed the keyboard. So far for me, there have been no issues and the keyboard feels really nice to type on. My wife has the 2018 15 MBP with the butterfly keyboard and this 2019 model is so much nicer IMHO.Using this MBP with Photoshop, Lightroom, and the occasional video editing in FCPX, I don't feel that the computer is lagging. Everything, including the physical ESC key and the return of the inverted T arrow key layout is fantastic.Having the Touch ID on this computer ruins every other Mac that I own that doesn't have it.I highly recommend this model.. Less
This MacBook Pro is amazing - I'm a big Apple fan (uncomplicated and pretty) and this did NOT let me down. It links up to all my other Apple products seamlessly - which makes my life easy. It's modern and looks absolutely sleek. It runs fast and I'm able to keep all my windows, tabs, and apps open at the same time without running into processing issues.I thought I would hate the touch bar, but it's so easy to use and it has turned out to be one of my favorite features.The speakers are the real show stopper though! I have never heard such crisp audio from a laptop and it BUMPS! It gets loud and it has some bass! The audio quality is amazing - I can't get tired of throwing on some tunes while I work when it sounds as amazing as it does from these speakers.If you're in the market for an upgrade - do it! You won't be disappointed. Less
This is my fourth MacBook Pro, and it is the least impressive. I will make this brief, I am a long time Apple fan, but this product needs to be fine tuned before selling. Not impressed.First of all, the battery is AWFUL. I can’t even compare it to my previous MacBook, it’s more like a windows PC. I might be able to pull 45 minutes of web surfing. This, by itself makes me the most upset.Second - the cooling fan on this model is off the chain. It is always on, blows hot, and is in a bad location. Not to mention, it is incredibly loud.Third - I know this is not ‘new’ but the only having a USB-C to charge with, come on... the Mag charger system was the best.Fourth - Apple, when I pay over $2500 for a laptop, I would expect it to come with the full length charging cable. It doesn’t include the length of cable to plug the charger into the wall. Instead it is a ‘wall wart’ charger. Gotta buy the length to make it work.Now, for the good - it’s a Mac. The software is the best. It’s pretty fast, and the hard drive is snappy with the solid state. The screen is amazing, Touch Bar is amazing and the finger print reader works great.Apple removed the light up Apple on the lid, but oh well.Overall, unless you absolutely HAVE to have a new MacBook, I would give this terd a year or more to get a better product. Less
It was time to replace my old 2013MBP. It just couldn't keep up with my photography work. This new 16 model is wonderfully better processing pictures. No more hangs and crashes. Catalina was a problem on the older unit. It would crash and restart while it was asleep and on battery power (keep it plugged in).Pros:1) Amazing Audio, I mean unbelievable for a laptop.2) Interconnecting with iPad Pro is great to give a touch/pencil interface with your MBP3) Interconnecting with Apple TVs is great and no wires needed4) Thunderbolt interconnect for power is great! you can connect on either side of the MBP, and it works right side up or down.Cons:1) Price seems about double of a comparable Windows Machine, but for what's included it is a very fair price.2) Need to buy adapter for interconnects, but its a great trade off it to get that amazing audio system. Less
I was debating if I should purchase a pc vs. the MacBook Pro and decided that the MacBook Pro was a better choice! I recently purchased the MacBook Pro to replace my 10 year old 13" MacBook and I don't regret my purchase at all... Wow, this Mac is amazing - so fast and so bright - I thoroughly love the retinal display. The colors are great and accurate. The speakers on the Mac is also amazing - love the sound and clarity. The processor is fast and editing pictures with Lightroom and Photoshop is amazingly fast! I decided on the MacBook because it is more reliable - my other Mac lasted me 10 years and I only brought it to the Genius Bar once... However, it was time to retire that 10 year old since it can longer update the iOS.The only negative on the MacBook purchase was the price - it is expensive... Less
After having Apple products exclusively for a decade, I finally had enough when they redesigned late 2016. After owning that MacBook "Pro" for a year I dumped it and went to Windows, Razer Blade. Was extremely happy with my razer for a very long time. Last year upgraded that unit with the Alienware M15r2 Lunar white with the RTX2070. By far the best keyboard I have ever had in a laptop but it was still very bulky and had a number of other issues, which still hasn't been resolved by Dell under warranty (basically a brick now) I thought ok let me take a look at Apple again after seeing all the reviews about how much better and return to form the 16" was. I took the leap and am very pleasantly pleased. Keyboard is night and day better than before. The i9 with the Radeon Pro 5500m to me made the most sense and wow am I happy with the choice. Highly recommend for those who stepped away from apple and are thinking about returning. Less
I had purchased the 15.3 in macbook pro few days before the 16 in was released. I was not aware of this upcoming launch and was a bit disappointed when I got the news from a youtube video I watched. I immediately called bestbuy to understand process to exchange this. They were very helpful and just had to wait few days until they got the new sku at the store. Then, I passed by and exchanged the computer with no hassle at all. I just had to pay a price difference that was really not that significant considering the improved updates from the new sku. Larger screen, better mic, speakers, bigger hard disk, keyboard, etc.I have had this laptop for few weeks and have enjoyed it so far. The separate esc key is a must.In a nutshel, great experience with laptop and customer service from bestbuy. And being a bestbuy member, having their credit card, makes a big difference based on rebates and better pricing. They are making the on-site purchasing experience still enjoyable. Good job. Less
Got BB to price match a local retailer and got this thing for the price of the base 16? model! Can?t beat that!I had a 2013 13? MacBook Pro and lasted me 7 years and still going. It just can?t perform some of the video editing I?ve been doing lately and running low on disk space. This 16? is a great upgrade for me! Have had it for a week and use it everyday. I?m glad I went with the larger screen because honestly, if I want to do something on a small screen I can just use my iPhone or iPad. I?m glad I went with the 1 TB. After transferring my previous data over and finally copying my phone images and videos over I?m already at 500 GB used! I used to never copy or backup to my old MacBook cause no space for it. The Core i9 is great! CPU never gets over utilized so far. When GPU kicks in it does get hot, but I?m not using heavy programs all the time. 16 GB RAM has been great! My old MacBook was using Swap memory all the time. The weight isn?t too much more than my old 13?.If you are debating between the base model or this model, just think about what is best for future proofing your laptop. These MacBooks aren?t easy to just replace parts, so if you can afford the additional resources then I say go for it! Less
This laptop is amazing!!!! I am coming from a 2018 MacBook Pro with the problem prone butterfly keyboard. The "magic keyboard" is a massive improvement. The 2018 MBP that I came from also had overheating issues, the 16" version still gets hot when pushing it but the improved heat sync has also made a massive improvement. I am also pleased that apple choose to increase the base SSD size, 256gb for a $2400 laptop was a bit ridiculous to me. It now comes standard with 512gb on the base model.I am currently a college student and this MacBook provides more power than I could ever need for what I'm doing and then some.They have improved just about everything that apple users have asked for. This is truly a product were they listened to there base. I strongly suggest buying this laptop if you in the market for a new MacBook. Less
We bought this laptop for my daughter to start college. In less than 6 months it has become completely inoperable 2 times with several of more minor instances. The first time we took it to Apple who had to remove all of the software and reinstall. The second time the technician kept it overnight and ran every diagnostic and couldn't find what was wrong but was able to recover. Each time we are having to find back up computers for her to use. She is loosing hours of work that has to be duplicated. Each time Apple has a 7 day wait for an appointment. She doesn't have a car to take it there. Apple support just says, "Well, the next time it happens, call and we will run tests to see what is happening". I explain they have already done that each time. She says, "If its working now, there is nothing we can do". We need a replacement. It is a ticking time bomb. We are having to purchase a new computer that will not crash every 2 weeks! Who knows what project she will be working on the next time it crashes? That costs her grades and a ton of anxiety! I am disappointed in the Apple product and more disappointed in Apple Support! Less
- Keyboard feels great- Display is huge for a laptop (finally I can have my browser, VScode, and a terminal window all open at once). I recommend changing the display resolution to fit a little bit more on the screen than default, but that all depends on your eyes.- Apple build quality is excellent as usual- The thermals! They’re actually quite good. When the GPU is really working the fans spin up and they are NOT QUIET. But, they definitely get the job done WAY better than with previous generations. Throttling does not seem to be an issue.- The webcam… meh. It’s fine, but nothing stellar. 720p.- The mic array sounds surprisingly good! If you’re doing significant audio work of any kind of course you’ll be using an interface and external mics, but for video calls, etc - it sounds REALLY good.- Speakers: best I’ve ever heard in a laptop. Amazingly well executed. Less
I really like Apple, but it is getting harder to find accessories that connect seamless to everything Apple. TB3 MacBook Pro is great as a standalone laptop, but if you need a docking station to connect two monitors good luck. I use a 28 inch Asus as a main monitor and have a 42 inch tv as a second monitor. Apple blocks standards that Microsoft does not and I can't get the second monitor to work with the dock as a mirror of my main display. To be fair everything works if I plug in all four TB3 ports with different adaptors, but the dock is supposed to take care of that. Apple doesn't make the accessories, so they don't support anything none Apple. I run windows on a Bootcamp portions and everything works great with the dock. Otherwise, Touch Bar is fun and fingerprint sensor is really nice. Less
My last macbook stopped working only after 2 years of use. Was a 2011 model and the logic board failed in 2013. This is my first macbook ever since than and been using custom built pcs ever since than.Overall this Macbook is pretty fast. Fastest Mac I've ever used. But tbf I never used a Mac with a ssd before. Video and photo processing are good. Overall everything seems to work, maybe????My biggest issue is when I shut down/or restart I noticed the screen glitches out and would do something different each time:1. Screen freezes completely before going off2. Screen freezes and screen glitches for 1-2 seconds with different colors before shutting off3. Screen freezes and wallpaper returns to the default wallpaper before shutting off4. Screen remains active for 2-3 seconds before freezing and shuts off. Sometimes screen glitches with different colors.Not sure if this is a hardware or software issue or a combo of both. But this is somewhat concerning on a 2800$ machine.Pros1. Good speed2. Good battery lifeCons1. Track pad is too big. I keep misclicking my palm on edge of it. Should move it up a bit off the edge so your palm can rest there without misclicking.2. Keyboard is too small. Should be a bigger. Dont like the position of the fn key.3. The mag safe charger was amazing. I dont mind it not having it. But the usb c brick is sooo poorly designed. When I have it plugged in, it will take up some much room in the wall that I cant have have anything plugged in around it. They should have the plug sticking out of the brick with a cable like most other laptops manufacturer4. The usb-c connection from the power brick to Macbook is an accident waiting to happen. Why would they make it go in at a 180 degree angle??? It sticks out like an eye sore. Should've made it go in at a 90 degree angle like 99% of every other laptops.5, Installing 3rd party software was a pain. Very little support for anything not Apple. It keeps asking for password repeatedly. I would enter password once and on the next screen it will ask again.6. Touch id cant be used on start up???? but can be used on restart????7. Battery takes 3-4 hours to charge to full from like 5%I will be testing for a few more days. But I will probably return it. Less
As I am sure the other reviews may have already covered, this laptop is updated with improved features.I believe the new keyboard is the best iteration of the magic keyboard, providing more structure and rigidity. The 16 inch display is nice, but similar to the 15 inch. The speakers sound great and I have not had any issues with it.I opted for the 32 GB of RAM and more VRAM instead of the base i9 model.I have only had one drawback so far. My Anker hub has issues connecting to a normal monitor via HDMI with the right side USB-C ports. Everything still works with the left. I plan on going into an Apple Store, but everything else works great. 
I’d claim myself to be a gadget guy. I work in IT and have used many devices in the past two years alone. I’ve even gone between multiple operating systems (Windows, macOS, ChromeOS, Arch Linux, Debian, and more). It’s been hard to find a device that checks all the boxes for me and honestly the lack of a touchscreen had me worried for this one. After a few weeks of use, and setting up Windows and Linux in Parallels, this is hands down my favorite. I’ve actually grown to prefer the Touch Bar over a true touchscreen. I’d even argue that running Windows in Parallels is a better experience then I had with my 15” Surface Book 2. The sound quality, screen, and power of this device are hard to beat. I’m very satisfied with the purchase. 
I've always been more of a windows computer and still properly that operating system until get use to this one. That stated, this operating system is nice as well, just takes some time to get use to. Although you WILL pay a premium price for Apple when compared to other computer brands, MacBooks last forever. I've bought many other name brands over the last decade. I was probably average a computer every 2 years due to quality issues, viruses or whatever else. However, my spouse had her Mac for +5 years and still running strong. Therefore, although you may pay a premium upfront, in the long run the MacBooks are the better long term investment. You could even sell it after 5 years and still recoup some money because of the large Apple fanbase around the world!! 
I used several MBPs throughout the butterfly keyboard era. They were awkward at first, but I thought I was comfortable with them until I received my 16. Holy cow! This is like coming home. I'm not thinking about about typing while I'm typing any more! I was unaware that the butterfly was introducing a low level of stress and anxiety whenever I was using it. Now that it's gone, yep, sorry, butterfly haters for hating on you. You were right.Regarding the screen size, totally didn't think the extra real estate would be noticeable, but for me, it's not so much that I see it, but I do feel just a bit like the world is bigger and brighter than it was. Of course, that might just be the keyboard. 
Life time apple user, but made the mistake of leaving Apple for the last computer because I couldn't stand the keyboard and a few other things. I love this machine. The monitor is big enough to be productive anywhere and the keyboard is amazing. I never had the Touch Bar, and I thought it was going to be gimmicky, but it's surprisingly useful. Having a dedicated escape key and a touch ID button also is nice. The inverse T arrow key helps find the keys without looking. Apple finally listen to the user community's feedback! Only minor complaint is that the Thunderbolt ports are a bit too close, so the peripherals may not fit when using multiple devices. 
All around improved from previous model. The screen is a bit larger but not really noticeably so. The clarity is perhaps a bit better. The keyboard is leaps and bounds better than the previous iteration and my typing fidelity is markedly improved on this keyboard. I have not noticed much improved speed over the last model except perhaps for launch times in photoshop and Lightroom, import and complex edits take about the same amount of time, although I have not tested video editing performance yet in premier or iMovie. They still have not worked out the migration assistant speed so full transfer when connected via usb-c was going at a max of around 95mb and dropping as low as 20 at times so the full migration took nearly 10hrs. 
I got a custom order of this macbook pro 16” with 512gb ssd, 32gb of ram, and amd radeon pro 5500m with 8gb of GDDR6 memory. This has everything I need for my creative needs especially with video editing and motion graphics. Apple listened to the consumers. It brought back the physical ESC button and the keyboard feels nice to type unlike the older models where it had the butterfly keys that were flushed in. Also, it doesn’t heat up like the previous models. Not forget to mention, the speakers on this laptop is amazing. I don’t like the price, but hey you get what you pay for and I love the simplicity of macos platform. I highly recommend this laptop for anyone in the creative field. 
Has enough power for digital image processing. My camera has 60+ megabyte files. but it takes them in stride. I am fine with the new keyboard, but wasn't really bothered by the old one so I may not be the best judge. The display is nice. It of course uses macOS Catalina. That is getting easier to use. Always the initial set up problems of all the permissions required in security and privacy.It doesn't really seem bigger than the 15 when they are placed side by side. It still fits the slot in my backpack for the laptop.I still wish the trackpad was smaller as I find I may inadvertently move the cursor insertion point from time to time while typing. 
It's thin, it's light, it's sleek, and yes, it's powerful. The improvements on this iteration of the MacBook Pro are what pushed me over the edge. The thermals are better, the keyboard is better (although still not my favorite), and it's a 16 display instead of 15, which is awesome. Fast processor, capable graphics card, plenty of memory, and of course, MacOS. So, a wonderful computer. But it certainly hits you in the wallet. You can buy a similarly spec'd Dell XPS 15 for 2/3 the price, maybe even less. However, with MacOS, this device really brings it. Everything is buttery-smooth. It is simply a better experience. Is this worth it? If you can afford it. 
I got this computer as an upgrade to an original Touch Bar Mac. The hardware is much improved, especially the keyboard (I love having a real esc key) and the touch ID button. The display and battery life continue to be phenomenal.The flip side is that each version of macOS appears to be Apple taking another step to gradually stripping us of control of our computers. If you just use App Store apps you'll be fine, but security restrictions make it hard to even run software from elsewhere. I've been having issues with the OS limiting access to my hard drive from open source software I use.In summary, the hardware is a huge improvement, but the OS becomes more totalitarian with each version. 
It was purchased for my wife, and she hasn't had it long. However, first impression is that it is much faster than her previous Apple Mac Book Pro. The graphics memory and increased RAM make it much more enjoyable for her to work with. The SSD drive makes boot up much faster, and she really appreciates that. It's impossible, at this point, to know just how much of an effect the i9 processor has had. For me, it's not the most attractive Apple I have seen, but the performance is impressive. I miss the illuminated Apple Logo, but since it was purchased for my wife, and she doesn't really care much for aesthetics, it's not big deal. A ten key pad would be nice, but my wife really doesn't care about that either. 
After 8 years decided to upgrade my laptop. Interesting how Apple when retro to an improved version of my keyboard, easy transition. Processor is greatly improved over my quad core in working in Lightroom and Photoshop. Video editing showed smooth editing ability with no skips in fractions of a second in timeline. Screen regeneration from photo to next is seamless with massive files over 100mb. 4 usb-c ports is not enough for today’s external devices and makes it mandatory to get an adapter-converter hub, however not all are created equal, find out which devices require power and which ones are just data connectors. Overall performance is vastly improved, rarely do the fans kick on and there is no lag with multiple applications running. 
I just upgraded my old 2011 Apple MacBook Pro 17 to the latest MacBook Pro 16 w/ 32GB DRAM, 1TB SSD, 2.3GHZ Core i9, and 8GB AMD Radeon Pro 5500M GPU. I wanted to stick with a 17 display, but this is the largest screen laptop Apple has to offer. It's almost as big as my old 17 display, but the colors are brighter and the display is sharper, so I'm OK with it. The new laptop performs well, although I was expecting things like virus scans on the SSD to be a lot quicker. Overall, I have been happy with my purchase once I worked out all the changes with migrating from High Sierra to OS X Catalina. After a few weeks of use, it is running smoothly now and behaving as expected. I would recommend this product to anyone that can afford the best laptop Apple currently has to offer. 
Well where to start. I guess the keyboard, its great much better than the old 15 inch but when it comes to keyboards everyone has opinion and some like the butterfly keyboard but in my opinion so far this keyboard is great. The screen is beautiful and bright. I had the 2016 - 15.5 inch MacBook Pro and just the extra 1/2 is great when multitasking. As for games I am getting around 42 FPS, not bad compared to the dismal 16 FPS on my 2016 MacBook Pro. Hard to tell battery life but seems to be getting around 8 to 10 hours. Now if your looking for something lightweight this is not the MacBook for you. Its not super heavy at 4.3 lbs but if looking for light, thin and compact look elsewhere. The MacBook Pro feels super dense, strong, no flex and no screen bobble -AWESOME. THE MAC IS BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!! Less
Fast delivery by Adorama.My son recommended the MacBook Pro, then helped me with the migration from my old Mac Mini. Adjusting to the smaller screen and touch pad after many years with a large monitor and mouse has been fairly easy. I’m learning some shortcuts that I never used on my Mini but will make it easier to use this laptop. Obviously, it takes up much less room than my old monitor and keyboard unit.On the negative side, I miss the built-in keypad on my old (separate) keyboard and will add an auxiliary number pad. The unit is heavier than I expected.Overall, I’m very pleased with the MacBook Pro. 
You know all the pros.I have 2 complaints: 1)trackpad is noisy with a springy vibration sound. Not the end of the world. But my Dell XPS 15 9570 has a trackpads that clicks better. 2) It gets hot fast. Again, my XPS 15 stays cool when doing light stuff like watching movies and browsing the web. But the macbook pro gets hot no matter what you're doing.Why 5 stars? Because heat and macs go hand in hand. I expected it. And everything else is just tops. From the beautiful fluidity of simply opening and closing the case to it's awesome power, I am impressed. My XPS has it beat in the 2 cons, but EVERYTHING else the Macook does better.Oh yeah, the keyboard is fantastic. Simply the best laptop keyboard I've used. 
My 8-year old rMBP is still running but my mouth watered when I read the specs for the late 2019 model. So I configured one with 32GB of RAM, 2TB SSD and maxed out everything else. That was an over kill because I don't really run any CPU-intensive apps. Not surprisingly, the performance of my new MacBook Pro has not been that much different than my old MacBook Pro.Having said that, the 2019 model is a dream. I love the Touch Bar and don't understand why some people consider it a negative feature. The keyboard has a nice feel to it; and the machine is quick and responsive. Overall, I love this computer and highly recommend it. 
I bought this MacBook Pro for work and I love it!As a photographer, videographer, and production manager for a small business, it was important for me to have something that was able to process and export videos quickly as I sometimes edit 3 or more videos a day. This laptop gets the job done!The speakers are amazing which is a great bonus for the playback of my videos.The large screen is great for editing photos in detail.The touch bar is a unique feature that I am beginning to love. I don't think I can go back to a laptop without a touch bar!All in all, this was a great purchase that will work for years! 
I am an attorney and have been exclusively using a Microsoft Surface Pro for work for the last two years. I like the Surface Pro but I was ready to switch back to a more traditional laptop design. I had a 2010 15” MacBook Pro that I used for a few years and decided I wanted to get another MacBook. When the 16” version was announced I decided to give it a try. I have been really impressed with everything about this laptop. The battery life, screen, keyboard and trackpad are all excellent. It is big so if you are looking for something portable you might consider the smaller version. Apple knocked it out of the park with this one! 
Finally upgraded from a 2012 pro (which still works great). I was waiting for Apple to put back some more connection options (like SD card or at least ethernet), but finally realized that it is just not going to happen. Ever. That aside, I couldn't be happier. Looks and feels great, and I'm actually a bit surprised at how much I like the touch bar. Not a deal breaker either way, but useful in more situations than I had imagined. Super sharp display. It's best to over-buy a bit on storage since there are no upgrade options. Apple memory is a bit pricey , but at least (in my experience going back to 1984) it's very reliable and solid, so in the long term is probably worth it. 
My 2011 15" MBP had served me well. So have the two 13" MBP's I have bought my kids for college. I was pretty set on another Apple. This new 16" MBP is a very noticeable upgrade. Love the keyboard change, bigger mouse, starting to like the Touch Bar, and absolutely love the display clarity and the speakers! Wow the sound! Watching movies, sports, or concerts is awesome! The screen is slightly bigger than my old MBP but computer feels smaller and is lighter. Software runs more than fast enough for me. Hoping to get a good 8+ years out of this MBP. Highly recommend. 
This machine is complete overkill for my needs. But, I tend to use my laptops for 8-10 hours/day for 7+ years - so I always buy something that I won't regret a year or two down the road. Spending more now usually helps me save in the long run... This thing is fast and the screen is beautiful. Fan barely ever (noticeably) runs for me. Running my iPad as an additional screen is pretty cool too when I'm in a hotel and missing my dual monitor setup at the office. The resolution is really high, which means text is smaller than on my 2012 13 MBP... And my eyes are eight years older, so I've had to make some adjustments there. Would definitely recommend. 
I've been wanting a MacBook Pro for about a year now to replace my 2011 MacBook Air. I wasn't going to get the prior 2019 model or 2018 model due to all of the problems they were having, especially with the keyboard, so I held out for this model and I'm glad I did. Beautiful screen resolution, nice keyboard (although not quite as nice or quiet as my 2011 Air), stereo speakers that will blow you over and fast performance. The 16 screen size is perfect. I couldn't ask for anything more. B&H had the best price with fast, free shipping and best of all - no sales tax! This was my first purchase from B&H and I will definitely be using them for all of my electronic purchases in the future. I'm so glad that I found out about them!! 
I'm a brand new Mac user (I used Windows for 20 something years). There's an adjustment but I'm liking the features. But that's the OS. The machine itself it's great. It doesn't feel 16. Not in the weight or the size. I'm not an audio snob but the sound of the speakers are amazing and I'm also using it to make phone calls and the people on the other side tell me they can hear me as if I was using my phone. The screen is beautiful. The only drawback it's the lack of variety of ports. If you are considering buying this machine you already know that. A hub like the one shown in the picture it's a must in my opinion. 
I've been an Apple product user since 1998. This will be my 5th MacBook Pro I have purchased throughout the years. I also own an iMac Pro and the speeds are pretty close while the iMac pro is definitely a bit faster. Comparing this 16' MacBook Pro to my top of the line 2015 MacBook Pro, which is pretty fast, leaves it in the dust. I am running Photoshop, Lightroom, Luminar and Imagenomic all at the same time without any issues. I do use a lighting fast thunderbolt 3 external GLYPH SSD drive to house my Lightroom jobs I'm currently working on which works extremely fast for my edits and post processing.I highly recommend this MacBook if you are in the market and considering it. 
This is probably one of the more anticipated laptops in recent times, yet you'll be irritated to find there are absolutely no ports other than the 4 USB-C on this model. I had to purchase adapters for my existing tech. I have been using HyperDrive USB Type-C Hub for Select Apple MacBook Laptops (Gray GN28B-GRAY) and I haven't had any issues with it since my purchase.The TouchBar would disappear at random and I would have to reset settings were constantly having to be reset. Though one day it magically stopped after a visit to the Genius Bar. Other than that little bump in the road and the lack of a touchscreen, I am a big fan. Everything operates smoothly as intended and 
This product is a major upgrade from other (rather new) Mac computers I have. My main use for this is video editing, DAW and some graphic design. The customizable Touch Bar is useful for setting specific keys to increase functionality. The machine performs exceptionally well when running Premiere, Logic, etc.- much better than other machines.Other retailers (Amazon, Apple Store, Best Buy, etc.) didn't have this model in stock or anticipated a 3-8 week wait time. B&H had the product, and a variety of others, in stock and the shipment of the product was very prompt. B&H has moved to the top of my list for purchase of computers and many other products! 
After using a MacBook Air for 8 years and always running out of space and power with its low ram and storage, I decided to upgrade to the new MacBook Pro 16". The speed and power are very noticeable, while the display is amazingly better than what I experienced with the old Air. I have not begun editing photos and videos on it yet, but I can tell it will be a much smoother experience. The keyboard is much smoother and quieter than the MacBook Air I have been used to.My only peeve is that even after paying all this money, you still need to buy other accessories like the USB Hub to connect anything that is not a USB-C to this MacBook. But then, its Apple. It's always the case! 
The new 16” MacBook Pro is phenomenal. It’s everything that it’s predecessor was not. The edges are smoother, the screen is a little bigger, and oh the keyboard. Finally, they fixed the keyboard and brought back the escape key.One thing that is weird is that the addition of a physical escape key seems to have broken the default functionality of the Touch Bar. When you go to expand the Touch Bar, it’s too big and so it blinks and doesn’t show anything.That’s a relatively minor issue compared to the rest of the machine. It’s definitely worth every penny. 
Apple has finally delivered a MacBook worthy of the pro name. At $3k my particular model is definitely more expensive than other laptops in it’s class, but with an 8-core cpu, 32 GB RAM, and solid discrete graphics (5500M 8GB) it cuts my video work flow in half. Final Cut Pro is buttery smooth of course, but I can switch to adobe apps on the fly without complaint. It runs a little hot, but the cooling and power supply is sufficient to sustain cpu and gpu speeds above base clock. If you’re a Mac user and you’ve held on to your pre-2016 MacBook now is a s good a time as any. I won’t switch away until the screen is micro LED, which is easily years away. Pull the trigger! 
I was waiting for Apple fix all problems with previous models since 2016. They finally did it and I bought this MacBook Pro 16 right away. This is a great product but a little on expansive side and still not perfect. There are still some problems with touch bar where it just stops working all together for no reason. It also missing any feedback when you use it. This laptop has a great trackpad and good keyboard. Screen is good for long battery life and look at. Overall I really like this machine for simplicity and good build quality. 
I'd had Apple phones over the years and always was very satisfied with the quality and dependability.. SO I decided to try an Apple PC.... So far I'm loving it, the quality is great, the functionality is good, battery life is excellent, I'm learning the Mouse gestures instead of left and right clicks, that's coming along.... I downloaded Office 365 to it and that is working great, all my Emails are coming in and being dispatched by Outlook... In thinking back about my order I probably didn't need 64g of RAM, 2Tb of SSD DASD, or 8g of Video memory.... But I'm glad I got it, cause I'm going to have to use this machine for my Professional work load in the next 6 months and that will test the limits of the best Developer class Laptop... So far though, I couldn't be happier... 
This laptop is just as beautiful as it is powerful. Coming from a 13" MacBook Pro from 2016 - I've been looking into getting an iMac but was hesitant because I enjoy being able to take my work with me. This MacBook is PERFECT. Only slightly heavier than my 13" MBP. Tremendously faster and more responsive. The keyboard reminds me of the keyboards from the original MacBooks but much sleeker and quieter. I like that the arrow keys have been changed to a different size from the letter keys. All this and coming in at the same price as the 15" MBP. AMAZING. You won't be disappointed. 
I bought a new Mac desktop computer and this particular laptop. It's honestly everything I've wanted and more in a laptop. The display is pristine (wish it was in UHD, but Apple doesn't have those displays yet...).I love the Apple OS for personal computers (despite myself being an Android phone user), and that's what steered me in buying this laptop over a PC, despite those being a fraction of the cost.I also wanted to future proof the purchase by buying a little more ram then I needed. My last MacBook Pro lasted me 7 years, and I'm hoping to have this one last as long.Oh, and the Space Gray is a beauty! 
I have owned several Macbook Pros over the years. Until now, the most reliable had been the 2015 Macbook Pro with the chiclet style keyboard and wider selection of ports. The next generation Macbook Pro significantly increased their performance but their were questions about reliability regarding the new butterfly keyboard. Time will tell but I am already satisfied with both the performance and keyboard of this laptop. It is just slightly thicker than the last Macbook Pro but this allows for better cooling and performance as well as a larger battery (100w). If you are editing videos and want better render times then this is the laptop for you. 
Been on MacBook Pro laptops since 2011 with 17 inch screens back then. Lived on the beach for 3 years, and the salt air killed my Mac. I waited for this model desperately, and it came through. Since 2011 I ran my YouTube channel on my Macs, editing & uploading videos & photos via Verizon Jetpack hotspot in remote locations I film. Never a problem with visual media on these MacBook Pros, right out of the box, no add-ons needed. Seagate powered external drive to hold video footage was all I attached when needed. Big display helps me review footage before uploading. 
This MBP is absolutely amazing. The new magic keyboard brings me back to the good old days of apple keyboards. It's such a joy to type on. I have yet to come close to even making this machine work hard. It's fast responsive and incredible to use. The battery life is absolutely amazing on the machine.(Side note for battery. Upon first boot and setup give the laptop a few days to index all the data and or encrypt the drive as well as index data. Once that background process is done the MBP will easily go 9-10 hours on a charge) 
I questioned the price when I first saw it. However, the performance justified what Best Buy asked for it. Accustomed to the agonizing slow boot up of the Windows operating system, I was thrilled with the setup speed of the MacBook Pro. Within moments it was ready to do business. The images are striking and more importantly, the keyboard responds with ease. I'd had a less expensive Apple laptop and the keyboard response was sluggish. Now I can glide across the keys easily and get an immediate response. It's a great computer, and best of all it's an Apple operating system. 
Right out of the box - did not work, would shut down with errors (Kestrel Panic) every 2 minutes. Was so very excited to try this machine out - never did get it to work. Apple was really good at refunding my money and taking the product back immediately. What truly surprised me, was that Apple employees made no attempt at trying to retain me as a customer - no apologies, just a "do you want us to replace it" question. Considering the price tag, the additional accessories, the wait time to get the machine and the time spent trying to get it to work and returning it, one would think that the manufacturer would show some extra care and make an extra effort to retain the customer. Well, not this company. Totally not according to expectation. 
I was hesitant to buy a laptop because I’ve always used desktop machines. When I researched this machine I found it to be very easy to use as both, when I travel it’s a easy to use stand alone, when I’m home a larger monitor is easily connected via a HDMI cable. I recently got into drone flying and using iMovie gives a new video editor a easy way to transition to editing clips out in the field. Eventually I’ll move up to Final Cut Pro and this machine is powerful enough for future growth.The built in track pad is taking sometime to adjust, I still reach for a mouse... that isn’t there! Overall I’m happy with the purchase and B&H as always made the buying experience easy. 
I went for the full upgrades on RAM and the Graphics Card. Opted for the 2TB SSD (4TB or 8TB just isn't necessary for my line of work - plus you can get an external SSD with thunderbolt). This is by far the best MacBook Pro Apple has designed. I think it's silly the FaceTime camera is only 720p. That to me is the only down side, but the speed and power of the computer and the excellent 16 display far outweigh that one flaw. I went from editing on a 2011 iMac to editing on this machine. 45-60 minutes of encoding video now takes 3.5 minutes... Haha! This changes everything. If you can afford it, do it! 
I sold my 2017 5k iMac 580 8gb, 40gb ram, ssd, 3.8 i5 quad and my 2017 MacBook 12 in i7 dual, 16gb ram, ssd for the MacBook Pro 1tb, 2.3 8 core, 5500 8gb, 32 gb ram setup. Of course it’s no comparison, in power, to my 12 in but the keyboard and trackpad feels MUCH better. I didn’t think the reviews about the keyboard was a big deal on the 16 until I got mine. Compared to the iMac I wasn’t expecting a huge jump in performance, but this thing blows the doors off of my iMac when editing in Final Cut and LR. I had a little sticker shock when I first purchased the 16 because it was the most I’ve spent on a computer ever. Welp time is money, and the 16 saves me a lot of time since I use it to make my living.My only negative about the 16 is that the fans get quite loud at times. 
There is no need to mention what everything was said. It works perfectly smooth and fast. The graphic card is amazing. Photoshop, Final Cut, Lightroom work perfectly fine. The Laptop is beast. Display is amazing, new keyboard is super. I like the sound from the mac which is pretty impressive. There is some small bugs but it is connected to Mac Os Catalina, because it is not possible to downgrade to Mojave which I would rather use it but I hope that future updates will figure out small bugs. Anyway. It' s worth it. 
I have had many different Macs throughout the years, however this is by far the best Mac I've ever owned! The display is large and crisp and the colors are great! I love that it has an actual escape key instead of having it in the touch bar like previous generations. The computer is blazing fast, it handles heavy processes like a champ, and it can handle gaming extremely well for a laptop. The speakers sound amazing, it is really surprising at just how much and how good the sound is on this MacBook Pro. Overall, I would highly recommend this MacBook and would easily give it a 10/10! 
Recent purchase. Great upgrade over last MacBook Pro. Love the keyboard. So far no issues. Smooth software upgrade and so far no bugs/glitches. Heard about Speaker popping sound but so far I haven’t seen anything like that. Speakers are overall amazing! You do feel the bass.BhPhotovid as usual did amazing packing and received my package on time. No issues with delivery.Bigger screen def helps with photo editing.Overall amazing! 
Well, it’s a MacBook Pro with a decent SSD in the base model. If you are purchasing this computer it is going to do exactly how you think it is. Great processor, decent amount of RAM, and it a Mac. Comes with Catalina installed so that is better for compatibility, as opposed to installing Catalina on a machine running an older OS.Speakers are decently loud, mic is much improved and the Keyboard, compared to the butterfly switch is SO much better. If you’re in the market it’s not going to disappoint, is it worth upgrading within the same gen / body style that’s depending on your budget. 
As a secretary I've used many different word processors such as Wang, Word Perfect, Word and utilized Windows throughout my career. I switched from Android to an iPhone in 1917 and then got an iPad the next year. After much thought (was I creating additional stress in my life that I certainly do not need) I recently made the decision to go fully Apple and purchased my MacBook Pro - 16" on 11/25/2019. Best Buy Geek Squad Agent Wilson came to my home and set it up and gave me an intensive beginner's lesson on how to use it. I find it quite challenging to make this big switch, but I'm determined to learn and enjoy working with Apple. Best Buy's Geek Squad agents will be my go-to experts! 
I upgraded from the 2015 model. I like this new 16” one a lot. Fast, sharp looking. I could live without the touch bar but it’s fine. I miss the Magsafe magnet very much. On Mac OS Catalina the Dashboard feature disappeared which is a real bummer. I used it a lot previously. I also need to upgrade some of my 32-bit apps which will be costly. I know it’s part of the deal.The computer is awesome and powerful but I’m still “mourning” the loss of some features. I’m glad to have the physical Escape button back (it was missing in previous models. 
This is a great machine and I am happy with my purchase. I am a teacher ad now with distant learning I need a great computer that can handled online classes, meetings etc. My old Desk Mac from 2013 has gotten slow and slow ever since i upgraded to Catalina and if I have more than 3 programs open at the same time it freezes. With this baby I can have 10 programs open at the same time and the performance is excellent. The battery can last all day long with intensive use. I recommend you get a cover for protection. Overall it is an excellent laptop 
I upgraded to this computer from a 7 year old mac laptop. The performance has been great. I use it to drive 2 external monitors and Windows 10 (with Parallels).The larger screen size is great for when I have to take it on the go and multitask. I'm glad the keyboard has gone back to the dependable scissor switches. I was not an avid user of the function keys, so the new Touch Bar is fine (I rarely use it). The 4 usb-C ports have been working out well. I wish we still had MagSafe. Overall, I love the new computer. 
The new MacBook Pro is a beast of a laptop. Handles work loads that were impossible on the old 15 inch due to a new and improved thermal system. The new design also makes the screen seem so much larger than just an inch. The new larger size also allowed Apple to put a larger battery in the laptop which gives it amazing battery life, like all day plus. One of my other favorite features is the amazing speakers, they sound amazing and better than any speaker I have ever heard in a laptop.Highly recommend this new and improved MacBook Pro. 
I've been on Apple forever, Laptops for 10 years.I like the bigger screen, the touch bar I am getting used to.It took some doing to get around the new USB3 and connecting that to my audio hardware, but that got done.The computer is fast, TB HD is great for me.Catalina is a bit of a deal, I had to upgrade some software and one of my audio interfaces, will not work with the next system upgrade.Display is great and the speakers are a huge step up from previous.great for music production and portable to take to the gigs.I like it a lot. 
In my experience this laptop has the most beautiful display and the best sound in a laptop. The keyboard is good too.But the heat generated bothered me a lot. Especially when I ran virtual machines. It makes the laptop uncomfortable to use . The lack of a sd card reader is also a setback. At least, a adapter should be included in the package.This laptop is great for light stuff. But for light stuff you can get a pc or MacBook Air and save almost $2000 
I do love it, but I really with for the Magsafe charger and different types of ports. The screen is beautiful, and I can't believe the quality of the sound! It's incredibly good. I also wish the touch bar wasn't there, it's rarely useful. Maybe if it were below the keyboard, like between the mouse and the keyboard so I didn't have to reach so far for it. That also goes with the Touch ID, it should be closer to the track pad.But even with these limitations, I'm editing and exporting far faster than I was before. 
I have been wanting to upgrade the last 2-3 years however I was quite scared of the glaring keyboard and display issues that consumers were having with the 2016-2019 models. This 16in is a game-changer. Apple finally went back to the scissor-switch keyboard which feels great and has so much more travel compared to the older models.While the computer can run a bit on the hot side, the computer is easily able to cut through 4k footage and export hundreds of RAW Lightroom photos. I definitely would recommend this computer if you have been looking to upgrade your MacBook lately. 
Great computer. Beautiful 16 inch screen. Received substantial discount buying from BH vs the Apple Store. Like finger print access. Don't like transition to USBC ports and lack of slot for SD card. Other than that machine is powerful, fast and easy to use. Apple also re-introduced older style keyboard that is fast and tactile. I use my Apple for processing photos when I travel. Highly recommend this product. 
I purchased my 16” MBP in December of 2019 and I’ve fallen in love with it. It’s weird to think about a computer like this, but when it can export 10-min 4K clips in a few minutes vs. my 2016 15” MBP’s 70 min, it’s really hard not to.The new keyboard function is very nice compared to the previous model. More actual feedback, more like a keyboard and less like typing on an iPad.The dark gray color looks great. No complaints there.Overall, I’m very excited about the computer and the processing power it delivers. 
Like I said..was the first one in town to pick it up. BB store didn't know that they even had it, I reminded them..lol. I picked up a day before it came on shelves. Anyways, HUGE improvement. It also looks nicer than before with thinner bezels, smallish keyboard. The sound is amazing. It does NOT sound as if it's coming from a laptop. Lucky I got rid of the 15" before, so no hassles there. BUT THERE IS A DIFFERENCE..for the good. Highly recommend it for pro's or everyday use. I'm less of former. Weight is minuscule more but is acceptable. 
Finally upgraded from my 2010 MacBook Pro 17”. There just wasn’t anything that seemed worth upgrading to, until now.I love this laptop. Granted, I went from spinning platters to solid state memory, from MB’s of graphic ram to Gb’s. I like the keyboard, I like the touchpad. The screen is better than I expected.And all at a great price from Adorama. I love dealing with companies that serve the creative community. Thanks! 
I had a MacBook Pro Late 2012 for seven years and OMG, I was in desperate need of something bigger, fast and with lots of storage to work with!My boyfriend recommended me to buy my new laptop through B&H because he has been buying from them for years. I trusted him and I am SO SO SO happy with my purchase. This changed my work life.I can see the difference in so many aspects aspect! The speakers are awesome, the keyboard is pretty silent and soft, the laptop is fast and it's not heavy. The screen is wider! It's just too good. 
This is my third MacBook Pro and I am still amazed at how robust they are and how they continue to evolve and improve their products. My original still operates, my second also, and now this one is fantastic. Keys feel fantastic, display is really remarkable for HD imagery, and the speed is fantastic. Transferring files from my old MacBook to this one took a couple hours via my home wifi, but the experience was painless. B&H shipped my new mac and it arrived in perfect condition on the date advertise. Couldn't be happier! 
After 11 years with my 13” MacBook Pro, I decided it was time to upgrade. Through the years, I had been hesitant about upgrading because of the reviews given regarding the butterfly keyboard and didn’t really want to sacrifice my disk drive. So when I found out about the new 16” with the new keyboard, I figured it was time and have hardly used the disk drive so I figured why not? Once I migrated all of my data and began use on it, I realized a lot I had been missing out on and really like the Touch ID and Touch Bar integration which makes navigating through apps seamless. Long story short, I believe I won’t be needing another laptop until l 2030 or longer! 
Great laptop! Excellent battery and storage! Thanks for bringing the esc key and a proper keyboard. 6 core and larger screen! Wow I have been waiting for this for quite a while. Thanks apple for listening to the user base! This is replacing my 2013 MBP. The heat sink also improved a lot. Watched a 1080p movie and did not hear the fans kicking in.Paying with the payboo card was a no brainer. The best savings I have made on an apple product in a long long time. b&h you got yourself a dedicated customer. 
Like any or all my MacBook’s this computer is super fast. I had to upgrade to the latest since I had my last one for about 4 years. Due to my job I just needed something faster. Great look and feel. The keyboard is the big change since my last one. Feels better and wont stick when typing. The only downside is No HDMI or USB on the computer. Only Thunderbolt. You need to buy an accessory to use those connections. Overall its a great Laptop. 
First time using/owning a MacBook Pro and using macOS. This laptop is blazing fast and well built. Keyboard feels amazing. Screen is nice crisp and clear. Great color accuracy and being able to switch between color profiles is nice too. It's a dream for photo editing or any creative. If your thinking about getting one you definitely should Love it and love macOS. Coming from windows and I won't be going back. Fast delivery from B&H as well. 
I was struggling with whether I should go with the 16g or 32g of RAM, but after purchasing the 16g I am very impressed and happy. I had 15 various applications open and there was absolutely no lag. Wonderful product and I would recommend for anyone. The battery life has been quite impressive as well. Overall 10/10 I highly recommend this product and I'm not even an apple person. This is the only apple product I own and it's by far a great product. Not a huge fan of the price tag, but it's definitely worth it. 
So far so good. I replaced my 2015 retina 15” MBP with this new one when I spilled water on the old one and fried it. Black Friday deal was $200 off, which was the lowest price everywhere for the specific model. I use Final Cut Pro, Logic Pro X, and other music production, video/photo editing, etc software on it. I like the addition of the Touch Bar and larger trackpad and screen, etc. This is a great laptop. Due to it’s limited parameter ports, I use an adapter hub for card reader, usbA, hdmi etc. 
So obviously what we all do on computers is very different. Now I'm not your typical Apple fan boy because I own windows gaming PC's as well to numerous Apple products. But back onto this machine, this thing is a beast. Screen quality is absolutely stunning and the new keyboard is perfect! I bought this machine for pure portability reasons. Granted I have a brand new Acer Predator gaming laptop but that pc's battery has nothing on this MacBooks battery. 
My first computer was a Radio Shack Model 1, Level 2, bought in the late 80's. Since then I've purchased dozens of computers but none that brought me as much delight as this one. I have a 27 retina that I use for multimedia but I can't tote it with me when I travel or put it in my lap while sitting in my lounge chair. I was using a Lenova Yoga laptop before I got this and it worked fine but this one is so much faster, easier to read, and it is a Mac.Incidentally, I find the heat to be comforting. I put my hands under it to warm them up. It sits on my lap while I work and hasn't ever gotten uncomfortably warm. 
The tracking number was incorrect and showed as  an error with FEDEX.  Google reached out to Arlington right away to try and fix it.  I got an email 6 days before it was projected to arrive saying my package had been delivered.  When I got home, the package was not at my house or in my mail.  Google reached out to Arlington to try and figure out where it was multiple times.  After 72 hours, I was given a full refund.  I will never purchase anything off of google shopping or from Arlington Wholesale again.  This was my first experience with google shopping, and they clearly don't apply proper scrutiny to who they allow to sell through their platform. 
Great computer. I'm thrilled Apple has decided to start making larger MacBooks again (our previous was a 17") - the 16" on this makes a much-needed difference. I am a graphic designer and my husband uses this for editing photos. Works great and is very fast. I love the fingerprint ID for login, makes it extremely fast. My only complaint is all ports are now USB-C - so every flash drive, hard drive cord, card readers, and anything else previously owned, etc, etc, all need adaptors to work with this machine. 
I kept my 2012 MacBook Pro Retina for 8 years. It served me very well and is a testament to the longevity of Apple computers. However, from 2016 until now, I felt Apple had abandoned their professional customer base. Changes were either incremental or a step in the wrong direction. Sacrificing performance for thinness is not what pros wanted. This is the year Apple has gone back to listening to their customers and it’s been well received. This computer is exactly what I have been waiting for. 
The laptop is beautiful and powerful. Expensive but worth it as I hope it will last me quite a few years before I need an update.But I was really surprised to found out later that Best Buy no longer gives any rewards points for Apple purchases. I was hoping this would keep my status and the advantages like free shipping and extended returns.I will definitely look for a better deal as the rewards is a driver for my purchases at Best Buy. Big disappointment and big surprise. 
Got rid of my 2018 MBP 13” for the i9 16. While it is heavier and bigger to lug around the screen is absolutely immersive and a thing to behold. Use it for healthcare and had 30 pt records open in 30 different tabs in Chrome and not a glitch Nor performance issue. Full-size keyboard is nice and a 4 ports are nice, as you can charge on either side. Using it with Apple TV and or another screen using the new sidecar function makes for a powerhouse for presentations and group work projects. In sum: best laptop out there for folks with $$ to spend. 
This new MacBookPro is fast, quiet, with a beautiful screen large enough for work when you are on travel. The difference between USB-C and USB-A for communication is definitely perceptible when saving to an external disk and to the cloud. I look forward to editing photos and movies with this new machine.Only negative: it was a bit challenging to upgrade some of my favorite Mac apps to work under Catalina O/S -- I suspect the usual problem of 3rd party vendors having to make changes for the new Apple O/S. Things are pretty stable for me now. 
The 2016 MacBook Pro 15 was somehow the best laptop I'd ever owned, but with drawbacks that were glaringly frustrating. Keyboard was unresponsive and difficult to use, no escape key to feel for, no arrow keys to feel for, and I had to have the entire bottom case replaced once due to the TAB key not working. Thankfully Apple covered the cost 100%. The 16 fixes all of my keyboard issue and the magic keyboard is a delight to type on. As a programmer, the keyboard is no small part of the package for me. Very happy with the ugprade. 
System is quite different from Windows, but it is very smooth and no ad at all. It took me sometime to install all my software. It it worth the time.In addition, I9 is extremely powerful. Hence the heat is massive. I was a little worried that it would damage the battery. The touch bar looks fancy, whereas it is not like a necessity for me at all.In general, 9 out of 10, good product, great system, bad price. 
I've had this MacBook for a few weeks now, having upgraded from a 2015 model and I couldn't be happier with the purchase. After all, you don't drop $3,500 on a computer every year. First, the best part is that this MacBook Pro has gone back to the always-reliable scissor-switch from 5 years ago, with an improved feel. Other than that, this laptop is FAST and POWERFUL for those of us who work with graphics and multimedia platforms. Second, this is definitely the best MacBook since 2015 and it delivers exactly what we Mac-lovers wanted on a 2020 model. 
Purchased this to replace my trusty 2009 MacBook Pro. The 2019 model does not disappoint. The laptop is super light weight and holds an insane 10 hour charge! The upgraded i9 processor speeds allow me to run my music production software along with all the necessary plugins required for mixing without slowing a bit! These things are incredibly expensive however and the lack of variety in ports create an additional expense (buying all the compatible dongles). 
I purchased this macbook pro to use for graphic and web design and I'm absolutely in love with it! It's sleek, the new keyboard allows for quicker and more precise typing. The touch bar is new to me and very fun to use on programs that support it like photoshop. It runs all of my programs flawlessly and with ease. I'm glad I waited for the 16 inch version as its large enough to where I don't always need to depend on an external monitor. Highly recommend this to any designer or apple enthusiast. 
Apple has made significant improvements, starting with the long awaited 16 inch screen. They switched back to the more reliable keyboard, as the previous generation models were known to fail. This laptop has much better cooling, with improved air flow. It even starts with higher specs for a lower price compared to older models, such as 512GB storage and 16GB ram. This is one of the best laptops currently on the market, and the best laptop from Apple. 
This laptop is incredible. Handles Photoshop and Lightroom with ease. No problem with Handbrake but, gets pretty hot. Great keyboard!On the negative side, I’ve had to buy a bag load of dongles and hubs since this is my first USB-C computer. The webcam is poor, too.Bottom line, this is the best laptop I have ever owned. Got great deal from B&H and saved with Payboo, too. 
Bought my MacBook Pro 16inch, yesterday..So far so good.. Loved the updates in the keyboard and the speaker systems. Its little heavier though, than the other versions, but I'm ok with it. This one is really a powerful machine, with top notch performance. Too good for multitasking and for running high performance tasks.The product is worth the price.I'm happy that I took the space grey color.. Its too good. 
So far I am enjoying this 2019 16in MBP. I am coming from a 2010 MBP so it is easy to see the performance boost in this laptop.The size is just right. I was worried it would be a little big but definitely happy with the size.Main use for me is development and pentesting. So I am running many different applications and virtual machines and so far no issues!B&H was able to provide a competitive price on my speed model that beat the composition by $200 and shipping was fast! 
This laptop has got everything, a great screen, a terabyte hard drive, lots of memory, all the Mac software. Finally a laptop that's worth the hefty price Apple charges for their products. Well they give you everything except all the extras you have to buy like a mouse, and disc drive if you want to watch DVDs or listen to CD's. You also need a bunch of connectors if you want to put regular connections into their thunderbolt ports or send video out through an HDMI port. But their ports are fast and they finally have made their laptops able to send out video, so rejoice! 
I've owned MBPs since the G3 era (although I think those were called power books). This is the best one I have ever had. I use it for out of office film editing, light photoshop, illustrator, light video transcoding. Also, I use it for everything else people use laptops for. Well, maybe not everything. There are some weird people out there. What I'm saying is it's great for watching Netflix and paying bills online too. 
2 Problems with this new 16 incher, otherwise it's great!a. with only USB-C ports, you will be spending money on adapters and the cheapest of them don't workb. Frequently, when waking from sleep, it will not wake properly. Screens (I use multiple) will be flashing, but do not light up as they should unless you wait a long time. I usually turn it off and then back on to get it up. I will have to call Apple support about that one, unless perhaps they read your review. 
This was bought as a present from my wife. I was still on a Macbook Pro 13" 2012 model, and to be honest, Apple makes such great machines I really didn't feel I needed the upgrade. But... I am spoiled with the larger real estate, fast boot times and I love the functionality of the touch bar. So given the huge improvement, it is easy for me to be happy. But Apple is always a worthwhile investment that I feel is worth every penny. 
Overall this is a great computer and very fast even at the base level which is what I got. It was $200 off. I upgraded from a 2012 MacBook pro 13-inch so this is a big change. I miss the little things like a magnet charger instead of a plug and lit up Apple logo but it still is a good computer. Face ID would have been nice, along with a better face camera it is only 720p - not good enough! I bought it for performance though and I tested it against another 2019 MacBook and this one destroyed it. 
I have been a Mac user for quite a long time. I was using a 2013 iMac for photo editing and it was time for me to upgrade. When I was looking to purchase the 15inch i9 8-core MacBook Pro, they released the 16inch with better keyboard and better cooling system. I immediately made the purchase on Adorama. Have been using it for a couple of weeks and I love this machine. Ideally I would recommend the 32gb version for photo/video editing, since I was on a budget constraint I had to stick to the 16gb version. 
I had been using the 1st generation mid-2012 Retina MacBook Pro, which I absolutely loved. The 2016-2019 models were a disappointment, and so was holding out until Apple came up with a true successor to the original rMPB. This machine so far doesn't disappoint! It feels incredibly solid, is quick (graphics capacity is especially appreciated), and is a great value (compared to previous gen MBP's). I only wish they would resurrect MagSafe. 
I bought this Mac to replace my two year old 13 MacBook Pro purchased in 2017. I never liked its keyboard touch and feel and is the main reason I'm purchased a new MacBook Pro sooner than I would normally do. And I'm happy to report that the new 16 MacBook Pro's keyboard feels great. It will dramatically reduce my typos. The larger screen is nice also. But the keyboard is the critical and much needed improvement for me. 
I totally love this thing for the display and the way it looks. A little bit heavy, but it is made of metal so what did you expect. It is absolutely thin, even thinner than my finger. Use it mostly on my knees, cause I think that it is just the way it was designed for. Whole of my life I was on Win laptops, my first mac...a lot of things to get used to. but it's just a matter of time. Overall seems to be a great item with lots of potential. 
I have had this MBP16 for over a month now. This PC is an upgrade from my MBP15" that I bought in March 2013. First thing I noticed was a brighter screen with more color and resolution vs my old MBP. The keyboard feels good and is comparable to my older machine. Apple fit and finish is as always superb. I'm glad to have the 4 Thunderbolt ports. I am using this laptop primarily to process my photos. 
I have been a heavy laptop user since 90s. I have held off macs for years because the specs and capatibility never impressed me. Apple got this one right. Good specs with enough stock ram and storage to be useful. Display is awesome. Only drawback is battery life. You will not get the stated 10hrs. On a good day with only chrome running for web surfing 5-6hrs is optomistic. 
This is not a review of the laptop, that functions fine. This is about B&H time estimate for a custom built Apple Laptop. When I purchased it said the estimated delivery time was 7 to 14 says. I called to make sure that was accurate and was told it was. But the laptop ended up taking over a month. I believe they do this as sort of a ?bait and switch?... making you think you will get the laptop faster than anywhere else, but in the end it takes longer than just ordering direct from Apple. Just a word of warning to people thinking of buying one of these from B&H 
I decided to upgrade from my 2017 MBP. Despite not having any keyboard issues that others were having I can really tell the difference with the 2019 keyboard. I watched several videos comparing base models vs. upgraded ones. I haven't had a chance to put this MBP through its paces. The screen size is great! Speakers are amazing! I often use earphones but with these speakers I am leaving them off when I can. 
I am new to the MacBook and Mac in general. I'm glad I purchased what I did. I'm in heaven after moving from a PC laptop. Has plenty of what I need to get done what I need and then some. The Best Buy aid was great! I was a little worried about price, but he did a quick search and since they price match, found the lowest price and I was able to get almost $400 off the day I purchased. Only problem now is I want a iMac!The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars on ease of use, is because I'm coming over from PC, and I'm just learning this new world. 
A couple of years ago, I purchased a 15 MBP to replace my old one. I had it about two weeks and returned it. The keyboard was awful. Not just because of the problems that had to begun popping up with it, but because it was a terrible keyboard to use. The 16 fixes that and a few other annoyances I had with the 15 as well.Apple redeemed themselves with this. It's a pleasure to use. 
I bought this to get my daughter through college starting this fall, but also to allow her to continue with her hobbies: video & photo editing, as well as music recording. The extra CPU cores will assist with her hobbies, and the RAM & SSD should be enough to allow the machine to come out the other side of college as a useful laptop (for at least a couple of years).I haven't seen any of the "ghosting" issues in the display. The sound is the best of any Macbook Pro so far. Obviously, the speed is excellent. 
So far so good on the MacBook Pro 16. I have no use for the Touch Bar, and it would be great if Apple would offer a model without it for a couple hundred bucks less. If B&H wasn't offering the $200 discount, I would have bought an XPS15. I upgraded from a 2011 MacBook Pro and don't notice much difference in the display, at least not compared to the XPS15 OLED model. The speakers sound better and the keyboard response is much better than the previous butterfly keyboard. 
The brand new, latest generation of the MacBook Pro has arrived with major improvements and upgrades that far exceed the features and benefits of prior models. The screen is bigger with faster video cards, RAM is upgradeable to 64GB, storage can be had from 500GB to 8T and the keyboard is improved with a new key spring architecture and much, much more. Best Bay made this purchase an enjoyable and satisfying experience. Their sales staff busted their chops to make this an optimum buying event for me! 
I like using a Mac computer and would normally rate it 5 starts but this computer has a glitch that I haven't gotten resolved with Apple support. The laptop literally losers it's own keyboard and mouse when it goes to sleep. After s minute it do search it finds itself. Very frustrated. Tried to support sessions. They're probably going to make me reset to factory specs. I hate to have to do this. For $3,000+ computer this should not be happening 
My old MacBook Pro died a few days after this new one was released so got it in two days from B&H. Good shipping. Works great. Came with Catalina OS installed. That OS leaves all 16 bit behind. Some external DVD units can't do Catalina I read. Got new versions of Office and Photoshop Elements. Few issues with them yet. So I'm happy. New keyboard! 4 USB-C plugs are superior to old USBs I had. 
I own a Windows-based laptop already (MSI Stealthbook) but this MacBook Pro blew me away. I am an amateur filmmaker, audio engineer and avid graphic design artist...this MacBook does everything I need and more. The screen is beautiful, the 16gb memory makes it all very snappy and the SSD inside makes load times almost non-existent. The only way you can get better is if you have a custom made MacBook from Apple's site but unless you're rendering a lot of 4k videos and effects, you don't need anything more than this. 
Undoubtedly the best Macbook in a long time. Addresses every issue that needed to be addressed. The speakers are the best that you can get on any laptop...period. I have stopped listening to my Bose speakers since the time I purchased this Macbook. Six speakers, surround sound...WOW. The display is super gorgeous. And for the price of a 15" 256 GB Macbook Pro, you are actually getting 16" 512 GB Macbook Pro...it can't get better than this. 
If you've hated the MacBook Pro keyboard for the past few years, buy this one! I love love love this keyboard, especially after absolutely hating the 2017 keyboard. i9 processor is also a nice upgrade for a little snappier feel running programs, browsing etc. Slightly larger screen is a nice bonus as well. Oh, right -- greatly improved audio! No complaints at all about this remarkable laptop. 
I spend a lot of my time reading and watching reviews before I spend money on electronics. I’m so thankful that I did. I almost purchased the 15” MacBook Pro because it was a little cheaper. I was able to hold off until this MacBook was on sale. The upgraded graphics, screen size, and keyboard makes this one a beast! If you’re looking for a new laptop and are willing to spend over 2k, this is the most premium device you can purchase that delivers! 10/10 
I was lucky to be able to upgrade from 2018 15 inch MacBook Pro to this 2019 16 inch.The screen size is in fact not much bigger on paper, but is noticeable in real life usage. But the key upgrade is the keyboard, I used to make a lot of mistake on the previous keyboard and found it not pleasant to use. but on this one, I love it. Worth the update and the extra few millimeters in thickness. Speakers are also outstanding. 
I have been a windows user for over 25 years . I did put parallel on this lap top , concerned about the learning curve in the with . Well learning curve has been minimal . I did have a lot of projects and presentation in office . I was concerned not being able to edit or access them . This was well worth the sanity . The charger is different . Wish I would have book a Mac when I purchased my previous lap top 3 years ago. 
This laptop is proving to be an excellent replacement for my 2013 model. Video encoding is much faster and it is able to handle multiple applications at once without the performance hit I was used to. The inclusion of only USB-C ports (and headphone) is not as much of an issue as I expected since I over estimated the frequency I used my old MacBook Pro’s HDMI and Ethernet ports and need adapters for the new one. The hardware is solidly built and I expect it to last me longer than I need it to. 
Run too many vm images 64gb ram necessary the onboard 8tb holds many vmwae image files without external storage. Hyperdoc connects ethernet to nas storage. Production machine for 6900 with tax usd. Expensive for what it has. Gigabyte designare i9-9900k w 12tb storage 64gig ram rtx 2080ti cost me 2490 usd. Difference in cost is its the genuine apple tax. 
It was more than I had planned for but it’s just awesome. 16” screen has allowed me to easily reference screens side by side, something incredibly difficult with a 13”. Performance is great and battery life is in line with expectations. This will definitely last. It’s just big and heavy. Be prepared! That may mean a new bag/case too! 
I always wanted to purchase a MacBook Pro 16 as it’s a very nice computer, The size is just perfect and the speed is great. The speakers are amazing and it’s quite an improvement from the MBP 15. What I love the most is the keyboard, and it feels exactly as the MBP 2015. It’s smooth and is much better than the butterfly keys. The only drawback is that it’s too expensive, but at the same token you are purchasing a premium product. 
Brought this latest version of MacBook and as usual Apple has his another grand slam. With hardware and size upgrades this 16" version is a little heavier(due to larger screen, bigger battery) but after awhile noticing it wears of in time. New(but old) keyboard feels great, the addition of a physical esc key is nice addition. I can sit here and write a thesis on why I am an apple fanboy but ill just say apples pricing is over the top but its commitment to excellence is also over the top. 
Every time Apple does a significant design update I jump in and I’m good for another 3 years. This time though I’m elated. The new 16 is a joy and a beast. Screen is wonderful, Keyboard is great, power is dramatic, slightly heavy. Bonus: I no longer travel with external blue-tooth speaker, built-in 6 speakers are an unexpected plus. Premium price is offset by the way Macs hold their resale value. 
Hardware looks and functions great. It comes preloaded with Catalina OS.if you're a long time Apple user you will have pain dealing with older apps and increased security. 32 bit apps will not run. So far I've been unsucessful in attempts to revert to Mojave, Apple confirmed no path back.Apple had gone out of their way to force new MacBooks to Catalina. 
It was time to upgrade Early 2015 13 mbpr. Didn't like 15.4 all this year cause of known problems with heat, keyboard, throttling ... .. .Got base i9 option and really couldn't be happier so far (7 days so far). Cold, keyboard is amazing, I don't know what they did to a screen but I've never seen anything as good as this... Battery actually lasts a good 6-7hrs on udemy/studying...All in all - recommendation from me. No question about that. 
The MacBook Pro is perfect, very beautiful and fast. At B&H I found a configuration that wasn’t available immediately at the Apple Store, with an optimal cost - benefit relation. Also I could purchase the Apple Care for an extra guarantee. All the people who assisted me was very kind and profesional with a great knowledge of the products they are selling. They also helped me to start the notebook and I had the chance to try its functions and accessories. Thank you! 
I got this laptop under a week ago. I love it and have been getting used to it which was a change. The screen quality is amazing, same with sound and speed. The issue is the battery life. It was supposed to have 10hrs of battery life. Mine got 2hrs the first time and 3hrs the second time I tested it. Highly debating returning it because I don’t know what else to do and the battery life is unacceptable 
We love this computer. The screen is amazing, the keyboard is soft and easy to use and the Touch ID and touch bar make things so much faster and convenient. A dock is a must have add on to add on all the ports the MacBook doesn’t come with. We hooked up a 4K tv as our “monitor“ so we have a nice and big screen to edit with. This is our fist MacBook but we have iPhones and iPads so it’s not a bad learning curve. The only negative that I see is how expensive it is. 
I am so happy they finally ditched the horrid, truly terrible butterfly keyboard and moved back to the scissor keyboard. There is a bit less travel on this new 2019 model than on my 2015 model (which I still love and am writing this review on), but it is a huge and welcome improvement. I love the new 16" display as well, which is a real bonus. Apple is back with this laptop. I only wish they had done this with their 2019 update earlier this year, which I do have and is going for sale on eBay. 
With the 2019 16" MacBook Pro, Apple finally listens to its customers and knocks it out of the park (mostly).Pros:Gorgeous display with slim bezelsOutstanding audio - rich, deep soundApple finally ditched the butterfly keyboard!Large, responsive trackpad (really the best track pad I have ever used on any laptop4 USB-C portsFast and accurate Touch IDMac OS Catalina is the most refined Mac OS yet and provides a smooth experience that is enhanced if you own other Apple productsPerformance powerhouseCons:It's not the most portable laptop - I suggest seeing and holding one in person before purchasing if you plan on traveling with itBattery life is decent but not anything to write home aboutExpensive (But, one can argue, you get what you pay for)Touch Bar still feels gimmicky and is NOT a substitute for a touch enabled screenOverall, this is the best MacBook Pro yet and I would absolutely recommend it to anyone looking for a powerhouse laptop. Less
Replaced late 2013 15inch MBP with this new one. Even though it's a 16 inch screen, the overall dimensions and weight of the new MBP is smaller. Having only Thunderbolt 3/USBC connections was not a big issue as I bought a hub for $60 to give me USBA, sD, HDMI and ethernet connections. The keyboard feels just right and I don't notice any difference from my older MBP. B&H had the best price around. 
2 things to say here:1. I was worried about not getting the new space gray trend color, but I've got to say the classic silver is absolutely gorgeous!2. I had never heard about B&H, I was skeptical at first because I live in Colombia (South America) and I had to pay extra shipments to a freight forwarding company plus import fee taxes, but it was totally worth it, my new MacBook Pro was very well packaged, B&H prices has no rivalry, great customer service, I'm so thankfull B&H! 
I finally retired my iMac after almost 9 years of excellent service as my main business office computer. With no more support for that chip set I went with a 16 MacBook Pro. Using a Lention docking station and 2 external monitors I have an excellent home office set up. Now when I go on the road I will just unplug the docking station and I have a complete home office for travel. B&H was wonderful in providing me with excellent service and quick delivery. 
This laptop is fast. Graphics and screen are beyond beautiful. The keyboard is better than the predecessor on the 15”. Zips through all tasks with 32gb RAM. Plus B&H had a deal where you get savings based on your configuration. I got $150 off. PLUS, they ship super fast and packaged my macbook extremely well. Will be transferring all my shopping to B&H photo video now for all my electronic needs. 
I have now received a MacBook Pro with the wrong specifications twice now, while I ordered this more expensive model specifically for the upgraded graphics card instead of the intel integrated one in the lesser models, I received two different MacBooks with the intel card. I've tried contacting Best Buy to get this cleared up but to no avail. I tried two different stores and both gave me boxes that described the correct computer correctly, only for me to boot it up to see it's not what I had ordered. Any help would be very appreciated. 
Anyone poking to purchase an Apple MacBook Pro knows that they are getting a quality product... so this review is about my purchase experience with B&H. Everything was straight forward. Their prices where the lowest I found online and I received exactly what I ordered and was delivered exactly when expected. I was also kindly surprised with their order verification process... Thanks for making sure that someone else wasn’t using my credit card. I will most definitely order more electronics from B&H in the future. 
I purchased this notebook to replace my 2017 MBP with the sticky keyboard.In addition, this MBP doubled my RAM, 4x my SSD, 3-inch larger screen, touch unlock, 4 USB-C ports versus 2, faster processor and of course, better keyboard.My only regret was not purchasing it at Apple with my Apple card. Only got 1% back instead of 3% back. This cost about 48-dollars in cash back. 
I've been a PC guy for many years and never quite understood the Mac mystique. Wanted a new laptop and saw the specs and reviews on the new 16 MacBooks and decided to take the plunge. Wow am I happy with my purchase! The new MacBooks are magnificently built and are just impeccable machines. I highly recommend anyone looking for a new laptop take a serious look at the new MacBooks. 
I recently replaced an older 15” macbook pro with this new 16”..So far its fine. Unfortunately there is not optical drive which i often used for older cds. Most likely i will purchase optional one. Still learning some of the new features- touch bar.BH Photo had a great price and i received the computer the next day. It is great dealing with them. 
Coming from a 15 Mid-2015 MacBook Pro this computer is a very nice update. The screen is dramatically brighter with rich colors, the keyboard has a very nice feel (like the 2015 only better, thankfully skipping the troubled flat keyboard), the built in speakers are pretty amazing, the first time I heard audio coming out it sounded like a Sonos speaker, and the dedicated finger print scan button is easy to use. One day I would like for Apple to change the physical design of the Pro's maybe more of a wedge like the Air or something totally different, but no reason to deduct a star for that since this is a solid update. 
MacBook Pro 16” is beautiful and refined. Everything was working just as it supposed to in its perfect state, except the LCD screen had blue lines on top and bottom corners that showed up and disappeared. I think this was an assembly issue, but I do recommend the product. I did return it and ordered a replacement. That is the reason for 4 stars. If there was no issues with it I would easily given it 5 star review. 
Apple has engineered an amazing machine in the 16 inch MacBook Pro. Incorporating old principles like the keyboard with new design and horsepower had made this machine top of its class. A true portable masterpiece of a laptop. High price tag, but if you’re on the fence, you’ll see where that money went when you use it, customize it to your needs, and play around with the apps already on it right out of the box. 
I got to admit I've been using a PC for years now and that last time I used a Mac was many many years ago as a graphic designer. Bought this last week after giving up on my Dell laptop as it was slow and I wanted to close the loop on my Apple ecosystem as I have an iPhone, watch, Apple TV and now my MacBook Pro. The streamline between all this products is just awesome. Messages on my laptop and video calls!!! The price was kind of steep, but well worth it. 
This is my first Mac since the old Powerbook series. the keyboard feels great and the Touch Bar is an excellent addition. Touch ID works great and the Screen makes everything look very nice. Im not usually one to get into Apple products but this computer is making me consider more from Apple. the tour gestures and extra desktops are a great tool for productivity. 
This is what I needed! Awesome laptop, I needed a laptop that I could do my editing on the go when I could not be at home editing on my iMac .. I needed a laptop that could handle the work load and get my photos or videos edited as fast a possible. I don?t have time for waiting. So if your a filmmaker or photographer this is a awesome tool to have In your bag. It still fits in my bag even though they say It will only fit up to a 15inch laptop this 16inch still fits no problem!! 
I have always enjoyed using MacBooks, they really last quite a while and I am very hard on them because of my work. I am an interior designer and use them for creating digital floor plans and 3D models of spaces. I have the full Adobe Creative Suite and the full Chief Architect Suite on this laptop and it all works well. Sometimes if I'm adding a bunch of finishes and switching from 3D to 2D plans it takes a couple of seconds to catch up with me, but other than that runs like a charm. 
Have had the new 16 inch MacBook Pro for two weeks now and it has been awesome so far. Had an issue migrating data from my old 2013 MacBook Pro but it proved to be an incompatibility problem with a virus scan program. After uninstalling that program all is well ( thanks to Apple Care Help). Way faster than the old one and the sound and larger screen are well worth the upgrade as well. Handles all my photo editing programs and plugins flawlessly. 
I purchased this laptop for the added power to do Photoshop with ease and speed. With 6 cores and a 1 TB hard drive I had the room and sped needed. Unfortunately, I suddenly needed a laptop that I could easily travel with and the 16” just was way to big for me. Wouldn’t fit in my expensive to replace camera bags and was heavy for a 5’2” retired female to lug around Europe with camera equipment. Going back to a 13” MacBook Pro. 
This will be my 4th MacBook Pro. I bought it for the increased memory capacity for when I'm editing photographs while traveling. Not going to be doing much traveling for the foreseeable future so I'm editing photographs at home instead.Keyboard is a vast improvement from the previous version, the screen is nicer too. All in all a great improvement. 
It’s fast, the screen is crisp the keyboard is now back to how it should have been. But there is nothing new to excite here. Still no touch screen with pencil support, still no LTE much less 5G. It still gets hot and loud when doing some processing. Still only a 720p camera? Buy it to replace what you already have and used to, but don’t expect to be wowed by this new laptop. 
Overall better keyboard design and ergonomics. Last year’s model didn’t have the screen brightness and resolution that I needed for photo editing. This one does better and it has a 1TB hard drive with a better video card and adjustable refresh rate. More importantly managers at my local store made an exception and let me exchange last year’s model for the newer 16in although I was a few day beyond the return period. 
So far I have nothing but positive comments to make about my Macbook Pro. I backed up my old one to Time Machine and was able to restore everything to the new machine very easily. The new one is fast, responsive and I'm getting used to the new keyboard, which is more like a "regular" Mac keyboard. The screen is gorgeous and the extra real estate helps me with my work. Highly recommended. 
This is my second MacBook Pro and I bought this to replace my older model that I handed down to my daughter. The older model still worked like brand ne, but I wanted more bells and whistles, which is what this model offers. It has not let me down. This Macbook is awesome, although pricey. Apple laptops seem to last much longer than other brands, so I'd say the price you pay is worth it in the long run. 
The small improvements made are what makes this computer wonderful. The keyboard is much nicer to work with and the screen has a bit more real estate. Sound is very good for a laptop, finding myself not streaming to a dedicated speaker many times. The lack of variety of inputs is the only downside I've run into so far. Easily corrected with dongles, but not perfect. 
I've been using Macs for 30 years and I have to say this laptop is the best so far. It's plenty fast, the screen is spectacular. I wasn't so sure about the USB-C connections only, but it turned out to be very convenient. On the road I carry a small hub just in case. But at home, I have everything hooked up to a hub under the desk, monitor, mouse, keyboard, then an extension cord to a mag connector, so I only have one cable to connect to the MacBook. 
Overall I am very pleased with my purchase. All the reviews point to this Macbook as being an improved specs on all fronts (screen size, return to scissor keys, improved thermal cooling, improved speakers, physical escape key). I would like to see a better webcam but honestly I use my iOS devices to take care of video calls and selfies. Size seems appropriate but I never had a different Macbook to compare it to. 
Although I was initially disappointed by the time I had to wait for the computer to come in stock, B&H upgraded my shipping so I received it quicker. The computer itself is pretty incredible. I'm not die hard Mac user so I don't have much frame of reference but the performance on this machine is incredible. The audio (speakers) is amazing to listen to music or watch a show from, as I've heard in other reviews. 
Going from windows to Mac I got to say it will be hard to go back to windows. This is the perfect laptop for any professional work. It is reliable and quality. Speakers are the best I’ve heard on a laptop. Keyboard is quiet and perfect amount of travel. For professionals looking for a reliable quality laptop, this is the perfect laptop to invest in. 
Picked up this wonderful MacBook Pro 16”. I really have no negative comments. Coming from the previous generation the keyboard is a great improvement. The beautiful bright display with the slim bezels is wonderful. Great battery life. Top it off a nice discount from Best Buy. I highly recommend this laptop! 
Finally made the switch to Mac I loved the system but didn’t like how I had to learn all the shortcuts some where same as windows so it wasn’t bad overall experience was great but I hated that I had to buy so many dongles and double clicking didn’t work. I had to press open every time so annoying or I didn’t know how to open files not sure what it was.Pros: fast,quiet, nice screen size, battery life, loud speakers def. best speakers on laptopCons: sucks at gaming fans are loud and price oh to many dongles, FaceTime camera sucks so outdatedSo pretty much if your not a pro user don’t buy this stick to MacBook Air which is probably get nextThis review is based on a 30 day period 
We owned 2012 and 2013 model MacBook Pros that were great, then a 2016 model that was poorly engineered (butterfly keyboard, and ESC key incorporated into the Touch Bar), and now this very satisfying late 2019 model. This new Mac is a proper evolution of the pre-2016 model line. Beautiful 16" display, fantastic trackpad, unbelievably good speaker system, great SSD and processing performance, and a keyboard that actually works. 
I've been a Mac user since 1989. I've seen and owned them all. I was contemplating upgrading a MacBookAir and almost bought the 15" a couple of weeks back but something just made me say no.I am SOOOO glad I waited. I don't know which machine I love better this or my 27" iMac. It's a close race but as a freelancer, I want to be mobile so this just may become my number one!We're going to start hitting the road! 
After many years with Windows computers I was finally talked into buying the MacBook Pro 16". My history has been with windows and while the computer is very good, there is a substantial learning curve in the transition between Widows and apple. This has been somewhat discouraging but no regrets to the purchase. The apple is better with graphics and is speedy and worthy of its' reputation. 
Before I bought this new MacBook Pro I checked with apple support and was told that I could run OSX Mojave under Bootcamp, this turned out to be false.I needed to run Mojave to be able to use both existing hardware and existing 32 bit software.So what I have had to do is install Win 10 in bootcamp to be able to do the above, only loosing about 10% of the 32 bit applications.So putting these small things to one side, I have to say the new MacBook Pro more than lives up to my expectations. 
This is a beautiful computer--fast and pretty. The sound is amazing, which is important if you like to listen to music while you work. Apple has enlarged the speakers, and now music has a much more 3D quality in the room.The Touch Bar is fun, and brings the Mac closer to mobile devices with the accessibility of touch volume, fingerprint ID, and emojis. I think I will be happy with this machine for a long time. 
This is my first Apple laptop/computer period!!! I have really enjoyed the speed at which it responds. I mainly use it for development and have been very pleased with the results. I am new to Mac products and getting the feel for using this awesome laptop. It was very good buying experience as well from Best Buy. I would highly recommend it for anyone. 
This is top-notch technology for a power user. Apple has made a MacBook Pro that improves on nearly every aspect of the previous generation. It has a stunning 16-inch screen and superb speakers. This MacBook Pro 16-inch also has the best keyboard on a MacBook ever. If you have the budget for, go for it!! You won?t regret a bit. 
Very happy with the capability and performance of the computer so far. I was replacing an old iMac with this machine and so far this computer has been fast, fast, fast. Only reason for not giving it 4 stars is the battery life could be a little better. I've been uploading Dropbox files in the background for a few days, which I'm sure affects it, but I can usually only get 4-5 hours out of a single cycle. 
I decided to use the 10% payback on my large purchase, applied and accepted for a new card .. the cashier tried to charge my new card for the total purchase and was declined .. after several attempts to complete the transaction was denied .. called the company and was told when I ghet my card then bring it to the store and pay .. ( beyond ridiculous ) so I wait for the card in the mail .. when I receive it I go on line to activate it ( error message ) call this number .. same Thing !! Requested a supervisor to solve the issue .. won?t answer !! Worst service ever !! 
At the best of times and in desperate moments - the MacBook Pro’s performance always meets the challenge!My work involves hundreds, no thousands of photographs and Excel spreadsheets. The new MacBook Pro is fast, efficient, fabulous rendering (both on screen and in hard copy).Why did I wait so long to upgrade! And Best Buy sales associates made it an even better experience. 
The computer is great, but with the new operating system, my current programs that I use all of the time will not load or work and some of them are not available to work on the Catalina operating system. Also the plug in ports are smaller so my current USB thumb drives cannot be inserted so there was a need to purchase an external multi-adapter.With a slight learning curve, I really do like the computer and will continue to look for a program to replace the one I cannot load on this computer. 
Purchased a MacBook Pro 16, got a great deal. Very easy to purchase with 2-day shipping. Couldn't be happier with the device. Highly recommended for producers/creators. Upgrade to 32gb processor is well worth the money. Nothing slows this device down. Touch bar is excellent as well. Take some getting use to, but really helpful. 
This laptop has the most bang for the buck! Top of the line. Video quality is amazing. Loaded with memory and speed. I’ve own three Apple MacBook pros and by far, by far...this is the best I’ve owned. The redesigned keyboard also restored my opinion about the feel of typing. I highly recommend this version. 
Purchased this so I could do a complete 4K RAW video edit while out on location, and it didn't disappoint. Seems almost as powerful as my 2014 trashcan mac pro with 96GB RAM!Bonus: the sidecar feature of Catalina allowed me to use my 13 iPad Pro as a 2nd monitor, giving me screen real estate that is so handy when editing video. By far the best mobile setup I've ever had. 
Found a great deal on FB and went ahead and got it for 30 off the total cost and to be honest I love the the ease of its use and how smooth everything is I love the way the keys sounds and its just like my 2015 MacBook Pro 13" but the size of this one makes it feel like a desktop at home and the keys are amazing to type on and you feel like you make less mistakes. also the comfort of the Touch Bar is incredible I used to think that it was a mehh factor and not until I owned this one I got to love it within the first 2 minutes of trying it out. Great machine I definitely recommend it to anyone that wants a great machine and for last you through college. 
So this was my first major purchase as a college student. I was hesitant to invest so much money in an Apple laptop because some people told me it was not worth it. Personally, I think this Pro is great and it runs very smoothly. Not to mention that the keyboard is so nice and it not obnoxiously loud and annoying to hear. This is a pricey item, but I think that it was worth it. 
I don’t really have an application to put this laptop to the test but I hope to eventually. It’s amazingly fast compared to my old laptop, which is a Dell. I’m using this mainly for school right now but later this year I’d like to use it I set up a music studio. The resolution on the screen is incredible. I love the keyboard. I don’t have any complaints at this point. 
I’m so happy I upgraded from a 13 to a 16 inch. Color rendering is fab. Tunes sound rich and vibrant. Programs open and close quickly. Boot up has been incredibly fast, and my workflow with 3o four programs open at one time has not caused any stalls, excessive heat, or sluggish functioning. All in all a good catch!! 
This is my first mac. So far, I love it.Pros:Build qualityThe speaker is best laptop speaker I tried.Screen .battery life.Cons:The webcam is very very bad. Feels like some 720p thing from 2005.Not wafer proof. (I know this one is asking too much) 
I have bought a new MacBook Pro every year since 2008. The past three models have been okay. This model, however, brings me back to the days when I really appreciated the quality that Apple puts into their products. The performance increases are tremendous. I would highly recommend this computer to anyone. 
Only thing that I like about the new MacBook Pro is the screen. I upgraded from a 2018 model. This is for work so it was pretty easy for me to upgrade. The larger screen is nice for things that I had scroll to see before. Another plus is the GPU. This was also nicer since Benchmarks put this GPU at the same level as the Surface Book 2 GPU. Over all I am happy with the upgrade. 
I am so happy I bought this! It was the stores LAST one in stock and who knows how long we'll be locked down due to the CoronaVirus. My last macbook pro was a 2013 15" MacBook Pro, so this is quite the upgrade. Yes I wish it had WiFi 6 but because I was in need of a new machine -- beggars can't be choosers!I need to save up and buy the $350 Apple Care+. Other than that its an amazingly beautiful machine and I couldn't be happier! 
This is a great computer for daily work, word processing, multitasking work. I can open 12 different programs without fear of crashing or freezing unlike other Windows devices. It came down to this Mac and the Lenovo p1. The prices and specs comparison showed the price was nearly equal and I don’t have to deal with the Windows nonsense. 
The new MacBook Pro 16 works extremely well. The keyboard works flawlessly, the screen is beautiful and everything works well together. The only drawback is that I had to purchase the Hyperdrive aftermarket hub to plug various peripherals into it. Not a bad deal. The MacBook is much better than my one year old HP laptop that I use for work. 
The new 2019 16 MBP is a great machine and solves a lot of the issues that emerged with the 2016 and later models. The keyboard is excellent, and the larger screen and deeper configuration options for CPU, Memory and Storage truly make this a pro option. I think this configuration with the base 8-core i9, 16GB RAM and 1TB SSD and upgraded graphics is the value sweet spot for typically demanding users. 
I've owned the 13 inch 2015 and 2016 models and the 13 inch 2018 model with the horrible keyboard. As much as I loved the first two, the 16 inch is definably my favorite. The large screen with thin bezels is beautiful to look at. I thought it would be too large but honestly now the 13 inch seems to small. I love this computer. 
Even though I didn’t really NEED to, I upgraded to the new MBP from my 2015 13”. I wish they had 32GB as a factory option for future proofing but this Mac is plenty capable and fast for running two screens full of various work applications, Parallels, and processing photos.Fit, finish, and performance are up to peak Apple standards. Glad I waited for this one! 
I'm an app developer who's worked on mac desktops and laptops all the way back to the original mac (yikes!). I splurged on this new laptop at the very end of the year after careful review of other developers' reviews. And I'll keep this short 'n sweet: For my money, this is everything I hoped it'd be. the screen is great, the keyboard is finally solid and reliable, and it's just a pleasure to use. 
we are still getting familiar with the Mac book, but love everything about it. my wife needed really well built reliable laptop for several projects she does on a consistent basis. she loves the MacBook so far. the speed, comfortability of the keyboard, as well as all the bells and whistles that go along with the laptop. we are very happy with our choice. 
This device is amazing, it's got the power and the performance you need.It's expensive and a sleeve won't fit in my backpack with it, but despite everything, it's amazing.I just bought a skin for it to prevent scuffs on computer hand have been fine without a sleeve as a result. If you have the money, this is a wonderful device. 
Overall great design and performance. The keyboard is a great improvement with a much better typing feel. The screen displays bright and vivid color. Battery life is also good and charges quickly. The only minor drawback is that it is a little heavy. But you can expect that from having a 16 screen. 
Replaced a 2013 model. Love the Touch Bar. Not crazy about the method of switching between screens, but have learned to adapt. Apple did a great job with this new model. I waited couple of months before posting a review because I wanted to give an honest review from experience. My only complaint is the price of a new Mac. 
This 16 inch is replacing my 2013 15 inch. Although reviewers take about it as being heavier, it's feels lighter and thinner than my old mac. Bottom line. It's awesome, I even love the touch bar.Only downside is having to use dongles or a hub for USB and SD.Even considering the 1 issue, I love it! 
B&H hides behind fine legal copy and does not honor their price match policy. Will not shop here again.Onto the product review - Keyboard feels great compared to last generation. Screen is big and nearly edge to edge. Almost the same size as the outgoing 15.4. 
I upgraded from a mid 2012 macbook pro. What an upgrade this is. Movies that took me 45 min to render now take 30 seconds. I am an animator/game developer and require a lot of power from a computer, and boy does this deliver. Speaking of deliver, I ordered wednesday and got it tuesday, so not quite the 2 day shipping advertized, but I didnt need it right away so that didnt bug me as much. Overall very satisfied with my purchase 
I mostly use this computer for video editing and it is super fast.I exported a 4 minute sequence (ProRes LT) out of Premiere and it took about 45 seconds, my office's 2013 iMac would take 3+ minutes to output the same sequence.Good- fast- loud speakers- doesn't feel too big/heavyBad- Expensive- touch bar. I wish there was a model without it because I'm a fan of Function keys. 
I love the speed on this machine, it's incredibly fast, but man, the touch bar is awful. Always accidentally touching it, reducing the brightness, unmuting, expose, etc. It's very frustrating there is no lock. So happy I upgrade with this version of the touch bar because at least there is a psychical escape key. 
Loving my new Macbook pro 16". It takes some time to get used to when changing from a Windows PC but it's worth the change. Especially if you have IOS devices that can sync with it. I personally bought it to do presentations for work. I was going with the 13" Macbook Pro because of the price difference but the larger screen was a must for me. No regrets buying it 
The machine works flawlessly and performs well. All of the programs runs smoothly. Only thing is Catalina OS has rendered some programs incompatible but its not the machine’s fault.There is very little noise. The monitor is bright and it does not run hot at least so far.I love my machine 
The machine works flawlessly and performs well. All of the programs runs smoothly. Only thing is Catalina OS has rendered some programs incompatible but its not the machine?s fault.There is very little noise. The monitor is bright and it does not run hot at least so far.I love my machine 
This has been a great laptop for the price so far. I love the performance I got for the price, and the screen is beautiful. The only complaint I have so far is the battery. I came from an older Macbook Air that would last for a few days without a charge, but this laptop only lasts about a day. Which for the specs inside is great. 
The idea of invention of this machine is referring that how latest technology just let you think off. it’s not only the computer, it’s the endless effort of another achievement Of Apple.off course this is not the end of creativity still there are much more exciting features yet to come.Thank you Apple.God bless 
What can I say. I wasn't happy about the price tag since I was not planning to replace my old Macbook Pro when it tanked on me. Still Best Buy matched Amazon's price and with my BB credit card I got a ton of reward points. The computer is a monster and I have had absolutely no issues so far. I thought the huge touchpad would be a problem, but it doesn't pick up my hands if they brush it while typing. So far very pleased (other than the price tag). 
The best MacBook Pro upgrade in awhile has not yet disappointed me in the slightest. In addition the MacBook, dealing with Adorama (first time customer) was really amazing. Skipped on paying sales tax, and got a good deal right when this came out. And then after the shipping was delayed multiple times, they refunded me for my shipping costs!Thank you Adorama, thanks Apple! 
I got my son a Mac when he started 1st grade and it's held up all these years though the last couple of years have been hard not getting to use the internet on it, but works great for papers and spreadsheets, anyway, this new MacBook is the bomb even if it was expensive it should last through three windows types. if I were to use LCCA (life cycle cost analysis) it becomes maybe a break even value! I know that I'll enjoy the simplicity and ease of use for many years to come. 
Super fast & incredible graphics, but it’s huge. I upgraded from a 13” MacBook Pro because I couldn’t get the performance I needed. Overall this a wonderful MacBook. Too much mouse travel when doing photo editing and other tasks. It’s took big for the kitchen table and my desk. 
This 16 MacBook Pro replaced my 2009 17 MacBook Pro. My old computer was still working and going strong but it was time to upgrade. This one is really great. Beautiful screen, great keyboard and so far has performed perfectly using Adobe graphics software. If you're on the fence, get it. 
This makes my third MacBook Pro laptop. I had my last one for five years. Wish they lasted forever but one has to keep up with new technology. Love the Touch Bar and the fingerprint touch. Not too fond of the USB C ports. Have to buy adapters to use for devices that need USB A ports. Other than that, it’s the best. 
Unfortunately literally 6 weeks after I laid out almost $3k for this beautiful laptop - it died! One day it simply would not power up. Of course it is still under warranty so the Apple store (the Geek Squad wouldn't touch it) took it in and shipped it off somewhere for major surgery. I am so disappointed as I was super excited to have this cream of the crop laptop, and I will likely lose all that I had saved on the Mac. 
The computer is great, it feels premium. But if you’re look looking to collect Best Buy rewards you would be disappointed. Best Buy does not give you any points on Apple purchases. You will probably get better rewards buying somewhere else. Buying from Best Buy not so much. I would recommend this product but not from Best Buy. 
I am so glad I bought this computer. Much faster than my 2015 MacBook Pro. Also, it breathes well underneath. I use many programs at once and it’s still moves fast. I am glad for the increased RAM. I love the space grey version. Definitely upgrade and get this one if you are thinking about this. 
I previously had a late 2013 13" macbook pro, so jumping into the upgrade of this macbook pro is a huge change. I'm very happy with everything about it. Screen is amazing, the keyboard is perfect, and overall just a very smooth experience using it so far. Yes these are expensive, but they will last you many many years! 
I jumped ship from PC after having my last laptop quit on me (dell xps 13, it had crashed three times resulting in a massive loss of work). So far it has kept up with everything I have needed. I am a senior STEM student and have been running data processing software with no issues. Also have had many adobe products running while sidecar was active with my iPad pro and no issue. So far I am happy with my switch. 
My MacBook Pro died, and I needed a replacement, All my important files were in iCloud. When I setup the new Mac, all my iCloud files and pictures were loaded over the network in a few hours. I lucked out, this was not as good as time machine backup, but worked for me.This machine was much faster than my last one, I am really glad I purchased it, and I have enjoyed the display, the speed, and the keyboard. 
This is a very powerful laptop with a lovely display. The new keyboard is great. I was hoping to replace my MacBook Pro 13" with it but I use my Mac a lot in the field and the 16 is just too big and heavy to use in your lap or lug around. This and the disclosure that a new 13/14in MacBook Pro is coming out in April caused me to return it and wait. If your looking a desktop replacement MacBook, this is it. 
The packaging, and the computer itself, came with a strong odor that has yet to dissipate. That asside, it is as expected, and consistent with the many favorable reviews of the tweaked design that I’ve read. I was concerned that I wouldn’t like the space gray color, but it turns out to be quite nice. Time will tell, of course, but I’m happy so far. 
Awesome machine, keyboard is superior, along with superior sound. Machine gets EXTREMELY HOT!! Was only using it to browse websites for about 20 minutes, but had to stop as I literally thought it was going to burn my legs. Keyboard even became very warm. Apple really MUST fix this issue and soon. 
This machine is powerful and perfect for what I need, but literally out of the box, I'm running into issues with the computer shutting down improperly - particularly when it goes into sleep mode. I've spent two long sessions with Apple on the phone and nobody knows what's going on, but I can see numerous reports of similar issues for the late 2019 MacBook Pro 16. Of course, I can't send it back to B&H now that I've opened the packaging.... 
If you're using Adobe Premiere Pro, Final Cut Pro X, Adobe After Effects, Adobe Photoshop, and all of Adobe's software this computer is for you. I had Photoshop, Premiere, and After Effects open and that loud fan that people keep complaining about did not turn on once. I does turn on when you start to export your project but over it's a good investment. 
Order experience was great through B&H. Fast shipping and was shipped in secure packaging. This MacBook Pro is replacing my 2012 MacBook Pro. Even with the base model it of course is greatly outperforming my upgraded 2012. Had to get use to everything being USB-C but I ordered plenty of adapters and hubs to make everything work. Great computer so far! 
I had to start working right away from home and I needed this laptop and there was no place that has the specs I needed for video editing. Surprisingly B&H has it in stock and delivers it in less than 3 days.Laptop on his own is a very good laptop I got the one with 8gb of video ram, 16gb of RAM and 2.4gHz with 8 cores. I'm happy with my purchase and it works just fine. Thanks for the fast delivery. 
Without a doubt, the best MacBook Pro since 2016. Great new keyboard, amazing speakers, love the physical escape key and new improved Touch ID. Oh and the screen is absolutely gorgeous. Better thermal management. Not sure if the battery life has improved over the previous model. 
I recently purchased this macbook pro, is not the entry level one I assumed it would be way better than the cheaper model but I was mistaking, I need more power!! if you're a professional who needs speed you need to spend at least $4000.00 on a higher end computer, if you're a regular user it's way more than you need I highly recommend it, as for myself I will return mine and will invest more money on a top of the line computer. I'm very dissapointed. 
I’ve been using this laptop for the past few weeks and have enjoyed it.I am still learning some of the new features, but have already improved my speed with the Touch Bar and newer hardware. With in better processor and increased RAM, I’ve already seen an increase with Logic and Final Cut that have justified the cost. I look to get the same number of years out of this computer as I have with my 2012 MacBook Pro. 
Just purchased this three weeks ago to replace a 15 Macbook Pro that met an untimely death as a result of a coffee spill. Although it was a pain in the wallet, this machine is much better than the one it replaced which was a 2017 model. the new keyboard is much more to my liking than the older butterfly keyboard, the speakers are better, the screen is a tad larger, and the processor seems faster 
Perfect size, perfect display and perfect speaker.Strong enough to play games, video and image editing.Whatever you need to do with a laptop this laptop got you covered.B&H got the best price you can find on Apple Products and Much More...Stay Home, Stay Healthy, and Order Online: www.bhphotovideo.com 
Easy to set up and sync with all my other Apple products. Great for streaming and viewing Apple TV. Sound is great. Only one complaint, I had to buy an adapter to plug USB's in to the computer.I felt that it should have been included with the computer or at least the salesman or the Geek Squad guy should have told me. 
Having finally had the OS on my old 2004 MacBook Pro croak at the possibility of one more upgrade - I decided to go all in on all the latest-16in MacBook Pro and the iPhone 11. BB,s easy, no-interest for 18 months made this totally do-able for my 2020 budget.I also want to give a shout out to Donovan in the Winston-Salem Geek Squad. The Total Tech package is awesome and worth the $200 annual fee. 
I recently bought the 2.3 i9 8 core with 32 gig ram and 8gb graphics. Same look and feel as my previous macpro just way better. Keyboard big plus and speed is awesome. Look at many opinions on what to get and happy I settled on this model. Bh was fast and efficient with the entire process. 
Upgraded from a MacBook Air (2013) used mainly for Lightroom and Final Cut Pro at the time. Handled all my canon mark iii photos and HD video well, but now that 4K is the new standard, it was time to upgrade. New Mac book pro can handle raw 4K footage with minor playback hiccups but over all I’m pleased. It’s only been a week so I’ll see if it lives up to the hype. 
The MBP 16" is a fine computer with a learning curve. I've also got a 15" (older version). Both work well. I use Office and Quickbooks so I've had to install Parallels and Windows. Once I stopped using a USB for QuickBooks It ran perfectly (it would freeze up when using the USB). The extra 1/2 inch is noticeable. 
This is my first MacBook Pro, however, not my first Apple product. The 16” Retina screen is fantastic, speakers are quite good for a laptop (far better than my previous Dell). Quite light for such a large chassis. Seem less with my other Apple products and of course Apple’s quality build and customer service. 
This is a great machine. But be careful; I found out that I was not going to earn any of the usual points one gets for any purchase at Best buy because it was an Apple product???It would not have been a lot of money, but I should have been told before purchasing it. I try to use the store for all the products I need, and it is a nice small reward for loyalty. I will keep this in mind in the future. 
I use this MacBook primarily working with photo editing software. This machine has enough memory to make my process flawless. I love the speed and the look. So glad this machine doesn't have the old butterfly keyboard, but instead it has the scissor mechanism type keyboard. 
Tons of power, lightning quick, love the new keyboard and large screen. Touch bar is awesome, and the track pad is beyond enormous. I upgraded from a 2015 13 MBP which was a great computer, but my 2019 16 MBP runs circles around it (as it should, but still...). Very satisfied with my purchase, expect to be using it for many years. 
Geek Squad having problems transferring files, pictures, contact folders, etc from old MacPro which had back/up & problems trying to boot up old hard drive. I’ve been without MacPro since 1:31/2020. Geek Squad still has new MacPro, old hard drive & backup. I’m not too happy right now! Thank you. 
I have had almost every generation of MBP. This is the best. SPEED, KEYBOARD,SET UP,SCREENSIZE, DISPLAY, GRAPHICS, BATTERY, Im serious.. Right out of the box the best. Latest 16 inch is worth the inch . One star deduction for price. It's typical of Apple to charge a hella lot. 
I’ve wanted one of these for years. Finally had a business opportunity that would justify the cost.I’ve had an iMac since 2008... top of the line at the time. I’ll be moving all my business-related data to the Pro as soon as possible, and relegate the iMac (Apple refuses to support the OS any longer... clowns) to personal web browsing. 
Geek Squad having problems transferring files, pictures, contact folders, etc from old MacPro which had back/up & problems trying to boot up old hard drive. I?ve been without MacPro since 1:31/2020. Geek Squad still has new MacPro, old hard drive & backup. I?m not too happy right now! Thank you. 
the latest MacBook Pros took a big step back from the reputation that they have enjoyed over the last decade and a half. Apple asked you to pay more money for less (reliability, ports, operation, etc). The new MBP is better in almost every way and did not ask for more money. Everything is nearly perfect (the only major complaint is the trackpad). 
To have the power of an i9 processor in a desktop computer is amazing. With Apples elegant, smooth iOS it makes programs like Final Cut a breeze! I've been an Apple fan for years I welcomed the 16" especially when they did away with the 17" MacBook Pro. If you are considering this 16" then you should totally buy one, I love mine. 
After being away from Apple products for a number of years, I decided to take the plunge again, and so far I love my new 16 MacBook Pro. It's fast, and very quiet compared to my Windows laptop. The MBP fans don't spin up when web browsing, unlike my Windows laptop. I love the Apple build quality, and the sound from the internal speakers is amazing. 
You’ll forget it’s the biggest MacBook...in a good way! Smaller bezels, beautiful screen, huge touchpad...and not noticeably bigger overall than earlier 15” products. Also, Apple’s pricing at launch made this the same price as a comparable 15”. Made the 16” a no brainer. 
Love the MacBook Pro! I am a digital illustrator and finally bit the bullet to upgrade my 2012 MacBook Pro (which was still working, but had reached the upgrade limit). This new laptop performs great, the transfer of data was seamless, and it does all of the things I've wished for. This is only my fourth Mac in 26 years - I'm a lifer. 
I have been needing to upgrade for the past year and I’m glad I waited for this model. The screen is amazing. The keyboard is great. Battery life is phenomenal. It gets me through an 8 hour day of work easily. Overall it is a joy to use! Very responsive. 
Outstanding computer. 1TB is a good choice to prevent having to drag around a portable HDD. I wish RAM was an option for user upgrade in MacBooks, otherwise absolutely no complaints. Brilliant screen and great sound. Don’t think I’ll ever go back to a 13” screen. 
I have hoped for a long time that I would have a Mac laptop that would bring the speed and overall function of a desktop and this version of the MBP has solved this. I am delighted to edit images in Photoshop, create music with Ableton Live and edit video with Final Cut Pro without feeling slowed by processor speed or difficulty with small screen size. I am very pleased with this machine! 
This is an amazing high-end laptop. It is super fast and smooth with running any application. The screen is very big and feels even bigger with smaller bezel. The large touchpad is easier to use than the previous generation. It is a great experience overall. 
My 13" MBP died a watery death, so it was time to replace it with something new, and I was surprised at how much I liked the 16" when I saw it in-person given I came from the 13. This was on sale for $200 off, so it made it basically the same price as the 13, so I went for it. I'm seriously glad I did, and with the reduced bezels, it's really not *that* much bigger than my old 13"er. Psyched. 
I love this computer, but I was thinking for some reason that this was a touch screen. Since everything is. It has one little strip that you can use, so not a true touch screen. Pretty light in weight, fast, and just generally nice to use. 
I've owned many MacBooks in many sizes and this is the best so far. Not as big as the old 17" in part because of the extra inch but also screen bezels are smaller these days. Light yet powerful and better keyboard including a dedicated ESC key, and isolated TouchID sensor, both separate from the Touchbar. 
I’ve been in the Apple Ecosystem since 2005. I started with an iPod and a G5 IMac. I purchased a MacBook Pro in 2007 and a air in 2013. This is by far the best looking display and the overall size is amazing. I went from a 15 to a 13” and I’m happy to be back at 16”. Works great with all of my peripherals And I’m excited to see what else I can do with this beast. 
Apple really listened to customer feedback on this one and knocked it out of the park! Screen size is perfect and the resolution is amazing. Powerful , capable, yet still quiet. Great battery life and the speakers on this are the best I’ve ever heard coming from a laptop. Highly recommend 
Apple made huge improvements with this 16 inch MacBook Pro from the keyboard, to better screen, and etc. Can't find any flaws yet and everything runs smoothly. Shipment took quite a while but arrived very well packaged. Communication with Adorama about concerns of the product and shipment were very easy. 
I have been meaning to buy MacBook Pro for a while but the cost always played its part.Due to some miracle I was able to buy it on a discount and loving every bit of it.Anyone who has seen it wants to own one as they love the 16” screen and the updated keyboard.It’s a powerhouse and runs my VMs with ease.I would definitely recommend it! 
Great computer, much improved over previous models. When I turned something on with sound I was blown away, it was far better than any laptop speaker I’ve ever heard. It’s fast and reliable and was exactly as described. I’m a happy camper! 
After a number of years using iPads, decided to go back to a larger screen portable. No regrets. Beautiful screen. Nice feel to keyboard. Excellent speed with the core 6 i7. Would highly recommend this machine. 
This MacBook Pro is the best laptop I've owned. It is superfast with 16 GB RAM. The only drawback is one has to buy accessories to connect HDMI cables, etc. because it only has USB C in and out. I purchased a docking station which has multiple options for connecting other cables. 
Service was excellent. Did not want to go out with Coronavirus. Told Austin what I was looking for and had a trade it. He checked needs on new Laptop and had it in stock. We went up to get trade in finished . Already had my new Mac up where we were standing.Walked out in minutes feeling safe we had just been in a protected area and very satisfied with everyone that had helped. 
This MacBook Pro is the best laptop ever. I’ve been a PC guy my entire life but have owned iPhones and iPads for years. I last had the surface pro 6 and finally made the switch to MacBook and keep my life all sync’d now that I have a 16 month old. My buddy has always told me once you go Mac you never go back. I can now finally agree with him. 
I previously had the 17" MacBook Pro from 2011 and Loved It! That laptop blew out it's screen on a particularly hot and humid day on a trip to Central America. So I have been waiting for some time for Apple to release a similar size screen. Though it's not quite 17" this 16" is better than the previous 15" models. 
Purchasing this MacBook here was good. They shipped it promptly as promised. They did put the item on hold to verify the Credit Card purchase was from me before shipping. I completely understand that for their safety and mine. Item arrived packaged well for shipping. Would use them again and the MacBook is an excellent laptop. 
I bought this machine as a replacement of my old first-gen Touch Bar MBP. The i9 processor is a big improvement, some other changes are not so impressive: I expected narrower bezels for the new 16 screen. I really prefer the butterfly keyboard than this new/old one. 
This is the fastest machine I have yet to own. I brought it with me to LA where I had to make proxies, log, and edit all over the place and it did not slow me down. Very impressive and worth every dollar. Plus it is beautiful.It is louder than my 2015' macbook pro, but it's a small price to pay for the power and performance. 
I bought the new 2019 MacBook Pro 16 to replaced my old MacBook Pro mid-2014. I was about to change it for a Windows laptop but I decided to wait till the end of this year... It was worth it.Finally, Apple listens to most of the complaints ... still room for improvements though .. but it was enough for my needs. 
I previously owned a 2018 MacBook Pro 15.4" and it was a good product but this update is much better because of the larger screen and new keyboard. I don't enjoy the touchbar, which Apple should do away with but the fingerprint reader is great. Overall, the product is expensive when you add AppleCare but it's a product that should last me a few years. 
If I would have known open box would not have come with an operating system and ready to go I would have just bought the new one. Now I get to sit here for hours loading the system since it did not come with anything on the computer at all. if it leave the store it should be ready to turn on and go. 3k for a computer with no operating system software is a joke. not a happy camper about it at all 
The computer is amazing. We just kind of live in a hard time with Apple going away with any USB, SD, HDMI, or anything other ports I use on a daily basis. This problem probably won’t be around in 5 years, but for now, having to use a dongle for everything is a pain. Great computer otherwise though!! 
This is the 3rd MacBook Pro I've owned, each lasted over seven years. The transfer of data from the old laptop to the new one worked flawlessly with the Migration assistant. Love the feel of the keyboard and the display looks amazing.Highly recommended. 
For after effects and photoshop work I’ve found the 1tb ssd and 16gb memory to be just about the perfect configuration for my needs. While more memory would be appreciated in some circumstances the speed of the internal ssd makes working off of the disk cache no problem. Also the 3 mic array has been amazing for recording tutorials and online conferencing. 
Love this new Macbook Pro!Coming from a 2015 Retina MBP, this 6 core i7 is amazing.Works perfectly in a wired network and using the TB3 to TB2 adapter, it flawlessly works with my 2011 27 Thunderbolt display!This will stay on my desktop for a long time! 
My MacBook pro 16 inch (16 Gb) is perfect for my programming needs. Command line tools, java, python , JavaScript , etc. tools are easy to install and a breeze to use. I wish I had switched over to MacBook a decade earlier.Amazing, awesome machine ! 
This laptop is fast, stable, and (unlike the 15") has a keyboard that feels and works great. If there's a downside, it's that the i9 processor can run a little hot (or more than a little) when it's really being pushed with video editing or 3D rendering. A cooling stand/pad is almost mandatory if you're using it for processor-intensive tasks (and, really, why else would you buy a laptop with an i9?) 
I tried several laptops, both Mac and PC, to replace my 13" MacBook Pro. This is far and away the best laptop I've come across. Great display, awesome battery life, and specs with room to grow for programming and audio / video work. Well worth the premium. 
There is no need to go into details. Everyone has seen online reviews etc. Satisfied more than expected with my choice. Great laptop overall, great battery , great display, great new keyboard, great build quality. No risk! Go for it! 
I upgraded from a 2014 Apple MacBook Pro and am very happy with that decision. I do a lot of editing using Photoshop and other editing software and the increase in speed is astonishing.The new keyboard and speakers are a real plus. The machine runs fast and cool. Very satisfied with the machine and B&H service, 
I’ve owned nearly every MBP since 2001 and this one is the best ever. I appreciate that they finally fixed the keyboard. It’s a pleasure to type on compared to the previous version. Bigger screen is good to have, but this thing really screams. It’s a beast! 
Great screen great sound good keyboard. But it should not cost more than $2000.00the i7 cpu runs extremely well in this form factor. I Had returned the i9 version because it was overheating with my applications. This one I Hadn’t experience that problem. Very comfortable to use. 
Wow. Dramatic improvements! Sound is off the charts. New keyboard excellent. Very fast.No complaints other than I’d prefer a design that allows for memory upgrades and switching out SSD. 
Well... maybe a little. Apple products are so expensive! However, it’s lightening fast and integrates will ALL of my Apple products! Exceptionally easy to set up. Took minutes to log into Apple iCloud and BAM everything was there! Changed my mind as I write this NO BUYERS REMORSE! 
Kicked a lot of tires before choosing this to replace both a Windows laptop and Mac Mini. Definitely the right choice for me. Covers my business and personal needs, gives me new capabilities for additional projects. Battery life is terrific. 
The updated keyboard goes back to the tried and true scissor switches. There's more travel than the butterfly keyboards but it does take a couple of hours to adjust to. Because of the thicker body, it feels a bit more hollow than the previous Macbooks, but is still a solid machine. 
If you want to run macOS on a 15 inch or bigger display laptop then that's the cheapest way, which is still expensive.The laptop is great, Apple have gone back to the previous keyboard mechanism that works well.Make sure to order a USB-C to USB-A adapter as well since the laptop comes with USB-C ports only and no adapter. 
B&H made it easy to get details before I purchased. Checkout was simple. E mail follow ups well, shipped on time and packed with protection. Also, I appreciate the follow up call to confirm this was a legit purchase before sending to me. Thank you for the added security feature - the gentleman was kind on the phone. 
Best Buy gave me an open box in great condition. Apparently this means no controller, no stand, and no power cord. I am their highest elite level and am tired of getting cheated by them. Avoid best buy at all costs. You have been warned. 
I bought it a few days ago.. to be exact.. 2 days ago, just to replace a brand new MacBook Pro 13' that wasn't what I expected.I can only say that this computer is insane. The best I've ever used.This time Apple really made it.And the Keyboard... what can I say.. it works... 
I love the new keyboard layout with an esc key. I’m a independent film maker and it handles my 2k footage fairly easy but it struggles a bit with 4K. I also do visual effects but from time to time it can’t handle the load. It has enough power to edit a film but if you want to add VFX it might be pushing it. 
This seems to be running very well but I have to admit for the price it is missing things that should have come with it like the ear buds, the cord extension for the wall like the last Mac book Pro I got. Also it has no USB ports. Apple is killing me with these add-ons. Thank God they still have free tech support. 
I bought this MacBook for my son in college. He loves it very much! Actually this is the second one I purchased from B&H, the one earlier is a 15'' MacBook pro. It's an excellent experience. The kids are happy with the MacBook so far. 
Solid performance and nice upgrade to the keyboard from the previous models. Good color on the display and accurate easy to use touchpad. USB-C is great, fast and convenient. Though I still wish there was an SD-Card slot on these. 
First, B&H - amazing job fulfilling orders during these unprecedented times and hope everyone is staying safe in these times. Delivery, packaging and Mac set expectations and worked right out of the box. I had no problems turning on my machine and getting straight to work! So excited to play with it! 
Was editing video on a base model 2016 13” MacBook Pro so this was a huge and much needed upgrade. Went from 8GB of RAM to 32GB and can’t tell you how big of a difference it is. Love the bigger screen. Really happy with this macbook. Also shipping was extremely fast!! 
I bought this to work with Final Cut Pro, and I wasn't disappointed. Plenty fast enough, though of course that depends on your project needs. Love the updated (well, backdated, perhaps) keyboard, though I didn't mind the butterfly keyboards like some did. Lastly, thanks to B&H for the fast service and great price! 
Arrived sooner than promised. The oversized trackpad makes it difficult to rest your hands nearby without unintended touches. I appreciate that the speakers virtually eliminate vibration of their enclosure at higher volume, and the battery capacity is Apple's largest ever. 
Upgrade from a late 2013 mb pro. This thing pushes around 4K in fcpx like nothing! Photoshop is a breeze as well. Love the large touchpad and speakers. I do hear a weird pop in the speakers once in a while, but no biggie. I’m sure they will fix it with an update. 
Great laptop for my work as an IT with couple of virtual machines running. Runs cool compared to the last 15 inch model (also i9).Ordering was easy (with advertised discount) and the delivery was actually faster than what was estimated during the order.Overall great experience. 
The 16-inch Macbook Pro arrived as scheduled and everything is expected. I particular like the "real" esc key in the new (actually old) keyboard, as I'm a vi user, that counts on this key a lot. The speaker sound is awesome. After a few weeks of usage, up to my expectation. 
I love it, I downloaded my adobe package, and I started importing from sd and computer started running hot again, fans full blast in the back. So that seems to be still a problem, even importing in Lightroom, my D850 raw files, have my MacBook som issues. so I still love It, but this might be the last MacBook I get. 
Though this will cost you a pretty penny, it's sure to be worth it. The silky smooth operating system gives me a lot of confidence to do multiple things at the same time, and to specifically work on my film projects. It's an essential for my line of work (video, writing, photo, etc.) and I wouldn't want to work with anything else besides this. 
The 16 MacBook Pro is a dynamo with terrific speed, an exceptional display, and deep sound. The touch bar is very handy and speeds up many processes. Battery life is all day and convenient features like Touch ID and unlock with Apple Watch just plain spoil a person! 
No complaints. Bigger, higher resolution screen, better battery life, faster GPU, improved thermals, reliable and redesigned keyboard... what's not to like? If you were on the fence about getting a 15 MBP, this should push you over the edge. 
Great computer for editing and work! I love the look of this MacBook Pro and especially the fact that the 2015 MacBook keyboard is back with improvements. The Touch Bar is disassociated from the ESC key and is bigger than ever. The screen truly looks stunning! 
This MacBook Pro is a great refresh of the last generation . It has a great keyboard, very fast and the screen is simply beautiful! Would recommend this MacBook to anyone that needs a powerful machine. You won't be disappointed with this product. 
This is my 30th Apple Computer and the best that I have owned so far. Blazing fast and extremely easy to use. I have to use a PC at work. It is cumbersome, slow and needs to update constantly. I can't wait to get home from work and run my beloved Mac again. Everything runs better on a Mac. 
I was able to transfer my data from my dying 8 year old macbook pro and it has performed marvelously so far. I never experienced the keyboard issues with machines from the last few years, but have had not problems transcribing documents with the 16". It is also proving wonderful for my work with digital art and graphic design. 
Pros: Great design, but totally incompatible with former Windows laptop users.Cons: Disasterous and unsuccessful data transfer from my laptop. Retailer managed to lose the last 4 years of my emails!Appalling service and now they want me to pay for trying to recover same! 
The performance is outstanding as well as the sound. The keyboard is amazing, thanks Apple for made this MacBook Pro with new keyboard, the feeling and key travel is the best. Overall nothing can beat this MacBook Pro. Highly recommended!! 
The computer is a breeze to use and user friendly. We own many Apple products and the quality is first rate . We attended the class on how to receive the most from your Apple computer and the many features you can utilize . I would highly recommend this product and we bought an open box that was as good as new . 
This laptop has been speeding up my workflow for editing 4K footages (mostly from GH5) straight to Premiere timelines. The playback (with 1/2 resolution) has been smooth. The fans would get loud at times but so far I am loving the speed of this laptop. 
This is the MacBook Pro you've been waiting for. Keyboard is miles better and thermals have been greatly improved. The increase in screen size is honestly the least special thing about it. It's nice, but its only a marginal difference. 
Had this lap top almost a month and it’s amazing. Super fast! Very sleek and can handle anything I throw at it. The only down side is the weight but that’s to be expected given it’s size. It also stay surprisingly cool so no need to move it off your lap 
The new MacBook Pro is easy to operate and works great. I do wish they had not taken away the cd insert . I down load embroidery stitching patterns and it makes it more difficult to do so with out it....Also I enjoyed the cord with a light to let me know when it is charged. Do think they should bring that back.... 
Difficult to understand at first if you don’t know the difference between windows software and apple software. That being said it’s a great piece of hardware and fun to use once you buy some accessories to make the thunder ports work with usb devices. Great for troubleshooting and backing up your all your apple products. 
I have had the MacBook Pro 16" for a month now, and I think it is fantastic. It is the best laptop I have ever owned, hands down. The screen is great and the keyboard is excellent. It is also lightning fast! I haven't had one regret after purchase! 
I am a PC guy and have a high end gaming desktop but I love apple. I tried the 2015 and 2017 macbook pros but returned them both within a week because of issues with thermal throttling or other problems. This is the macbook I always wanted. Fast and powerful and built like a tank. 
Yes, many "complaints" about the latest 15" version, and yes - all of those have been addressed... BUT - more importantly - it's just a flat out beast of a MacBook. Nothing like it. Get it. Use it. Love it. 
This 16 inch Macbook Pro is great. It is everything I expected. Incredibly fast and easy to use. Easy hookup with all my other Apple devices. Battery life is very good. So far absolutely no complaints. 
It's a beautiful machine all around. It's incredibly fast, the screen is flawless, the keyboard is a lovely experience, great for photo and video editing. If the price is an issue, break it down into its component parts and add up how much they would cost and you'll realize that it's a great deal. 
Upgraded from a 2012 MBP 15 inch and so far I love my new 16 inch core I9. I mostly use it for photo editing and so far lightroom classic seems to be much faster in smart preview processing. The fan does seem to kick in every time I use lightroom. Overall I’m loving it 
I love my MacBook. Great screen, keyboard, trackpad, and speakers. The packaging for shipping is more protective than Apple’s! Even with a student discount from Apple it was still about $140 cheaper through B&H. I’m glad I purchased with them. 
I was looking for a replacement for my 15 mid 2013 MacBook pro and decided to get myself a Christmas present. It is exactly what I was looking for. The keyboard is excellent and the speed and storage is a nice upgrade from my older macBook Pro. I am very happy with the purchase. 
This is one of the most premium laptops you can buy for the money. If you are afraid of switching from windows 10, do what I did. Install windows 10 with bootcamp "included" and if you need to run a windows program, just restart in windows. Really the best of both worlds. 
I upgraded from a first generation, 2015 MacBook and the change is spectacular. So much faster and the touch bar, something that I though was just an affectation, is easy and fun to use. I feel more in control. It is my go to computer. 
This guy here absolutely price/performance product. I9 CPU16gb Ram1TB SSD.Could be better GPU but mac OS work perfect with this GPU.After iphone 11 series battery life i knew Apple started to listen us. I hope they'll keep listening us. 
I believe the new 16 MacBook Pro is the best laptop Apple has ever made. I recently purchased, and it's balanced so well in terms of power, functionality, and design. Could not be happier! An overall great value and high quality machine. 
As an amateur user coming from a 12 Macbook, this thing is massive and more than I need. But the screen, the keyboard, the speakers, the speed are all excellent, as advertised. I would prefer it with function keys, and I'd rather pay less for it, but otherwise, for a full-size laptop, it seems about perfect. 
The fundamental chips are the same as the 2018-2019 15? model and apparently it?s still common to have logic board issues.I?m three days past my return period and I?m dead certain my unit has a bad logic board. In particular the embedded graphics crash the system. 
Well I thought the 15 inch was great. Tis is even better. Speakers are louder. Screen is absolutely beautiful !! It is pricey, but BB had $100 off and I got 6% rewards. So how can you beat that. Worth the money. 
When you spend over 3K on a new machine, you expect that it will function properly. I have spent over 4 hours on the phone with B and H and Apple with no resolve to this speaker issue. This is like buying a new Ferrari and when it shows up, the left side of the car has been keyed. Pretty bummed. 
I searched for the best price and they had it for sure. Very happy with this laptop. Free shipping. Arrived within a few days. Customer service reps were very helpful and answered all of my questions. They even call before the sale went through to confirm this was a legit purchase. 
I used the Best Buy‘s trade-in program. I traded in my MacBook Pro 13 inch for the MacBook Pro 16 inch both are great laptops! I love the speed and power of the new 16 inch. I’m on the road a lot and like the battery life in the larger screen 
Traded up my 2018 15” to get the 2019 15” just to have this announced a couple days later. Long story short, I returned my 2019 15” and got this beauty! Fast powerful, great sound, nice and crisp and obviously the upgraded keyboard. Great machine! 
My husband recently started his own company so we bought this MacBook and quickbooks to go along with it. We are very impressed with the picture/screen quality. It is able to do everything he needs it to do for the company and more! So glad we purchased it! 
The computer works great. The keyboard is so much better than last year's model. Screen is nice. It's an awesome laptop, but still too expensive than it should be. You pay a premium for the ease of use of a Mac. 
My first Apple Lap 16 Inter Core i7-16GB-AMD Radeon Pro 5300M-512GB SSD (Latest). I could not ask for more. Phenomenal, lighting quick and perks that I need for my own purpose. Discounted price from Best Buy, no complain whatsoever. 
So I’m a first time owner of any Macbook. After years and years and years of saying, “I’ll never pay that for a laptop”, I finally caved. So far, I’m extremely pleased with performance and I love the touch bar. Note don’t get me wrong, it’s still over priced, but I’m sold. I plan to keep this for years to come. 
Upgraded from a mac book pro 2008 to this one! Yes after 12 years this is my step up. I still have the old mac book pro and still use it. I am happy so far with build quality, performance, service and support. It is always a pleasure working with B&H. Than you! 
I have always been a PC person. but finally decided to take the plunge. I did not intend to buy a brand new Mac but problems with a previously owned purchase that was defective/returned forced my hand.I am still learning all the bells and whistles to the Mac and I am very satisfied! 
This 16 inch MacBook Pro is amazing. Fantastic performance and a screen that makes my OLED look dull. The battery lasts forever compared to every other systems I’ve owned including my Dell Laptop.Home run Apple 
I've had an older Mac book pro and these machines last for years and years. I've usually had them for 6-10 years before I shop for a new one. I love how it performs and the color. It's a great computer for everyday use (I don't do any heavy duty image or video editing). 
I like it. I don’t like that there are very limited apps. I wish I got another free trial of Apple Music. It should be per device. I like the size. It is overpriced and a touchscreen would be nice. 
Very powerful very fast 15 inch MacBook Pro. Vastly better keyboard and a nice bump in specs over the previous version including storage and graphics.Only drawback is that it's a bit big and heavy if you carry your system around frequently 
This is a great computer if your planning on doing any design work or just playing bills on the internet. It works great and NFM always has the best prices. I've never seen Apple every discount anything they carry so why pay more there when you can get everything here at better financing options sometimes and better price. . 
Super happy with the upgrade. Faster, bigger, better. Amazing sound and resolution. Footprint is incrementally bigger and slightly heavie than the 13" I was coming from but worth it. Similar to the 15" I had a while back. 
The Mac keeps crashing and restarting since the minute I started using it. Tried updating and reinstalling system but it keeps restarting around every 20 minutes. I've decided to return it. I'm pretty sure I received a defective product. 
My last mac circa 2016 died on me all of a sudden and i needed a replacement. Runs fantastic. Lots of power. Great keyboard. Great speakers. Perfect for any user not just pro. 
The fundamental chips are the same as the 2018-2019 15? model and apparently it?s still common to have logic board issues.I?m three days past my return period and I?m dead certain my unit has a bad logic board. In particular the embedded graphics crash the system. 
Good fast comp just the ports make inconvenient... no USB ports so you need an adapter for any external drive or just plugging your phone in ... which kills the whole laptop on the go thing .. and only comes with a 500gb internal so if your doing any real work on Mac book pro which is what they are made for .... it becomes inconvenient with the extras you need for the high price already 
I ordered last minute ... and then even called a few hours later to change the color, and they were so responsive. Great vendor. Better service even than Apple. They not only got the color changed in the warehouse before it shipped, but they got it to me the very next morning for a very affordable shipping fee. 
Does everything I need it to do and more! The massive trackpad takes a bit of getting used to, but the screen has great resolution and the keyboard is very responsive. Plays games and movies smoothly and does all the everyday computing tasks perfectly. 
So I?m a first time owner of any Macbook. After years and years and years of saying, ?I?ll never pay that for a laptop?, I finally caved. So far, I?m extremely pleased with performance and I love the touch bar. Note don?t get me wrong, it?s still over priced, but I?m sold. I plan to keep this for years to come. 
Never been a huge Apple/Mac fan because I’m so used to windows, but I have definitely changed perspective. I’ve already had an iPhone for some time and thought it could help just having all alike systems and have not been disappointed. Powerhouse of a machine! 
This particular computer is great. Fast. Battery life is amazing. I would say that it is substantially bigger than the 13 in model but it is faster. Great for having multiple programs open at one time. 
This is one amazing machine. I haven't had time to put it thru all its paces, but so far, I'm pretty happy. Had to buy a few adapters tho, so remember that. And a few software programs won't work because they haven't been upgraded to 64 bit, but I'm sure it's just a matter of time. 
Its nice to have the latest macbook. Big screen, the return of the escape key. The only thing I don't like is the keyboard now has increased travel, but I guess it must break less often. 
Simple. I have used and owned many different computers for business endeavors. Photography, Real-estate drone flights and a great deal of editing for music dubbing. Mac Pro Laptop is stellar 
I loved my last MacBook until it needed replaced. So far this one seems faster and has a good battery span. Bigger screen size is negligible but I wanted the biggest they offered. So far very happy with my purchase. 
Yes, 25 years between 2 MAC, and it's the real story. Amazing, it's that I can write here after a week to work on it. The goal was to be able to use my DAW software and use my mixing music software better than PC. Really happy with speed and graphic. 
The laptop this new MacBook is replacing lasted six years and has only JUST begun having issues because it can't update to the latest OS. We always buy the "latest and greatest" Macs because we know they'll last us several years before having to be replaced. 
It has exceeded my expectation for operation. Running Photoshop, Lightroom, Bridge, Topaz Studio 2, NIK's, Portrait Pro on it with the same performance as my McPro.I must say the ordering process was easy and fast through B&H. Arrived on time. 
This is my second Mac Book Pro. Great Apple product as usual. Wouldn't settle for anything else. The Touch ID alone is worth the buy. Touch bar is very useful. Apple or nothing. 
I use Macs for work and needed to replace my aging 15 2015 model.This laptop took a little bit to get used to with the touchbar, ID sensor, etc. but the machine is so much faster, has much better battery life and it isn't much bigger than my previous laptop.It helps that B&H had a great sale on it. 
I got the I9 8core, come home install my favorite game WOW and crash. It's shut down every time I try to log in, take back to the store and they said my unit defects, is a brand new just come out and they said defect, I'm so disappointed with apple. I'm gone build me Hackinstosh instead buy me another the apple unit. 
This is the best laptop since the 2013 model year.It is everything that that the 2016 -2018 should had been. I love the the keyboard, and overall product. Only minor issue is that it's heavier than previous generations. 
Love the new keyboard, had the 13 inch with the butterfly mechanism and the difference is immense! A little expensive, but that’s Apple, it’s up to you to determine if it is worth it. Overall great product, good specs and a great computer. 
I was tired of the constant windows updates on my HP. Finally broke down and bought the Mac Pro and love it ! It’s fast and updates aren’t constantly running in the background stifling performance. Would give it 5 stars if it wasn’t so expensive. 
There's not much to dislike about this latest MacBook offering. They got rid of the flaky butterfly keyboard (a vast improvement) and the speakers in these new 16 inchers are the best ever in a laptop, PC or Mac. The only downside is the price, but then we all knew that. 
Lightweight, fast, reliable. It's hard to review such a cool piece of metal.MacBook Pro is a must have tool. The sound is perfect, the display is something really impressive. 
This is my 3rd MacBook that I’ve owned now and what can o say besides it’s the absolute best MacBook hands down! Absolute beauty with a wonderful keyboard finally. Speakers are very loud! A terrific buy! 
Apple products have been a way of life for me and when my 2011 MacBook died I was really impressed with my new MacBook. The features and characteristics of this one is amazing. I am absolutely pleased with my new laptop and wish I would have purchased it sooner. 
Apple has fixed so many things that were preventing me from buying the previous MacBooks.This one finally has a decent keyboard, is thermally stable and has good battery life. Highly recommended. 
The fundamental chips are the same as the 2018-2019 15” model and apparently it’s still common to have logic board issues.I’m three days past my return period and I’m dead certain my unit has a bad logic board. In particular the embedded graphics crash the system. 
We purchased this due to our previous MacBook Pro 2011's life expectancy dwindling. We expect this unit to surpass our expectations as the previous device did. This unit hums and is a beast! Very pleased with our purchase!! 
I have owned the last few models of Macbook pro and this is by far the best MacBook on the market. I would recommend this computer if you are looking for a good reliable computer with smooth working functions this is it. You pay for what you get buy ONE TODAY! 
Keyboard is an upgrade, otherwise heavier and bulkier, though more powerful.Mine came defective, WiFi drops when you connect an external monitor, Digitec refused to replace it.It also reboots arbitrarily. 
Everything is to a T with Apple’s latest model of the MacBook Pro 16”. From the processing speed to the audio it’s simply top tier. Very pleased with the ease of use as well. Would definitely recommend for a friend!! 
Enjoying it. Keyboard nicer than the 2016 one I was using. Fast and beautiful. Speakers and sound are incredible and I was blown away the first time I realized what it sounded like. 
Terrific laptop and terrific experience with Adorama. If you are looking to buy expensive gear, no better place to shop.Keyboard feels amazing, sound quality is better than any laptop, screen is very high quality. 
I'm not the best person to let you know which computer is the best for you, but as a user that works with so many videos and photos, I can explain to you, that after 6 years working with editing, this is the first time that I feel comfortable working fluid with my job!.before to buy this laptop I thought in my budget and what was more important for me, so them I decided to invest in a MacBook Pro with intel 9, 1TB and 16 Ram Memory ( if you have more budget invest in a 32 or 64), the rest it is enough for my personal use for the moment!. 
Its always a great experience to buy from B&H with great customer service and shipment is always punctual. This is my first Mac and I am loving it! The speed is amazing, ability to interchange from program to program is great, and I love how it interfaces with my iPhone. 
Excellent care. The geek squad excellent resource in getting my old computer data transferred to my new computer. My computer arrived promptly as stated by the sales person.The sales person was overly busy. 
Everything awesome. The sound is amazing on a laptop. Also makes surround sound if you chose to pass thru the sound AC3 channel.Sandy it won’t do full 4K on its monitor but the display is awesome. 
I made a fairly easy transition from HP desktop to Macbook Pro. I needed help from both Best Buy and Apple classes but I am very glad I made the change.I hate Windows10. I never had a driver for my HP laserjet printer and now it works off my Apple device. 
Not an apple fan, purchased it for the kids. After setting it up and dabbling with it for a while, I found the speed and ease of use to be much better than my own machine. Looks like my apple opinion has changed. Still think they are way over priced! 
From the new colors to choose from to the redesigned keyboard and trackpad, Apple's done it again with the 16” MacBook Pro. Everyone has their brand that they love, but I have just converted from Microsoft Windows to Apple's IOS system. It's just more elegant than ever!! 
2.3ghz - 32gb RAM - Radeon pro 5500 8gb - 1tb SSDAfter 9 years im back to apple, solid piece of tecnology, love the screen, sounds great, battery performance is great, beautiful performance in adobe premiere with 4k and 1080 files (realtime playback).no problems with fans or overheat so far. 
Everything about this laptop is impressive. Fast , brilliant screen lightweight, great battery life. I am using it mostly for Photoshop and is shredding through all the files i throw at it . Highly recommended 
Perfect lil machine with a lot of power. Its very slick and lightweight for what you'd expect and it's quite a bang for your buck for such a new model. and unboxing apple products is always a fun experience :) happy with it! 
It’s a great laptop for normal tasks. Does great with adobe programs. Not the fastest if your willing to pay more I’d recommend the higher end model. If your looking for a fast reliable laptop I’d highly recommend this one. 
The fundamental chips are the same as the 2018-2019 15” model and apparently it’s still common to have logic board issues.I’m three days past my return period and I’m dead certain my unit has a bad logic board. In particular the embedded graphics crash the system. 
This is my first time using macbook.+ great display+ great sound+ MacOS- screen ghosting when scrolling between texts- gets really hot when installing large applications- expensivePerformance doesn't worth the price but MacOS has no substitute. 
I’ve worked on a Mac for a decade now, and this is definitely one of the best. Powerful and speedy for design and photo editing, doesn’t get too hot, and not too heavy (it’s still a MacBook Pro so be ready for some weight regardless). The new features on this model were worth the extra money. 
Many of you may not be aware that apple products aren’t eligible for Best Buy rewards. Don’t let Best Buy screw you. They’re condescending and very unpleasant on the phone as well. Good machine though. Best Buy, not so much. 
So far so good! Runs FCPX like a boss (my main reason for upgrading).Runs a little hot but cools down fast.I had a 13 MacBook Pro before and am getting used to the new/bigger keyboard. Keep on Maccin'! 
Bought this to replace my wife's MacBook that died after many years of service. We could have fixed the old one but felt it was time to upgrade. As always great computer for those that are Apple focused but always expensive. 
Incredibly smooth and fast in performance. Runs quietly but powerfully when running video editing/coloring software. Screen is beautiful and the keyboard feel great with a good amount of travel. 
I have switched from a Windows laptop with similar specs and this is in another league!Works flawlessly with every media task that you can imagine, from Adobe PS, Lightroom, AfterEfects to virtual machines etcIt is he beat media and content creator laptop. 
I’ve had my MacBook Pro for a month. I’ve loaded up Visual Studio and Unity 2019. Compilations are very quick. The new keyboard is great. Display quality and response meets expectations. 
Great screen and super fast processor. This Mac is one that Apple food right. The keyboard fix is great and the speakers are outstanding. Love my new device and it works for all my needs. 
Great product. Expensive but the build and design are both of the highest quality. Only complaint is for the price the graphics card should be better, but for day to day tasks it works flawlessly while giving amazing battery life. 
I’m sure it will be a great computer Once I get a handle on it. Was disappointed to learn that I can’t get MS Publisher for it though. Was told by 3 separate salesman, including the one who sold it to me, that I can run Office and publisher. But have now Learned that no for publisher. 
My aging pre-2015 MBP was long due for an upgrade.This new MBP is exactly what I needed.Much faster, bigger disk, better keyboard.USB-C needs adapters, however.Love it. 
I got what I think is a great deal on a 16 inch MacBook Pro for under $2000 open box. It is in great condition but compared to my 4K Inspiron 7000 the screen doesn’t seem as vivid. I feel like I shouldn’t have to mess with setting to get the colors on the screen to pop like my PC. 
First MacBook ever. Wanted to wait until they changed the keyboard and they did. Didn’t change the price as well and specs were good compared to their older MacBook Pros. Got it on sale and love the bigger screen. 
I really like the new features on the new Macbook Pro, especially the fingerprint reader. The graphics are really nice and so far all of my devices work will with it. The new Catalina Mac OS is also nice and integrates well with my iPhone. 
Great display compared to my older 15.4 model. The keyboard feel is slightly different as expected with the butterfly design. The battery life and compute performance is great. 
THIS NEW LAPTOP IS FANTASTIC, VERY FAST. EASY TO USE.NICE RESOLUTION COLORED SCREEN.LOVE THE NEW KEYBOARD. XLNT QUALITY. 
Upgraded from 13” with i5 and 8gb RAM. Honestly forgot how powerful and fast the higher spec Macs could be. Running everything I’m throwing at it PLUS the kitchen sink without so much as batting an. eyelash 
I used to not be a fan of Mac's but decided to try again with this and could not be happier. Size & weight are excellent. Battery life if impressive and the screen is great - although color gets wonky every so often. 
A good feeling keyboard that won't break. A real escape key - so essential for developers and a screen to die for. No heavier than the old 13 macBook Pro. Wonderful machine. 
The MacBook Pro is an excellent device but because of the lockdown it was more challenging doing the data transfer from my old I-Mac to the new MacBook. While I had purchased Best Buys Support package no one was available ........ but I got in done with Apple Care support 
I've been a loyal Apple user for about 7 years now and this is hands-down the best Macbook I've used to date. It works effortlessly and I have yet to have a single issue with it. Can't wait for the long journey ahead with this guy. 
Of course the new MacBook is flawless. But during the holidays price and ETA are always all over the board. I checked everywhere. B&H as always had the best price, availability, and speedy delivery. Very happy with my purchase. 
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she absolutely loves it. She is a singer songwriter and the sound and visual qualities are on point. I would recommend this computer to anyone looking for an excellent piece of equipment! 
Truly much more computer then my mother needed, but after her macbook died, she wanted another one with at least a 15" screen.She loves the new keyboard (the times I've used it like it also) plus with her being hard of hearing, the built in speakers are an unexpected benefit. 
It?s a great laptop for normal tasks. Does great with adobe programs. Not the fastest if your willing to pay more I?d recommend the higher end model. If your looking for a fast reliable laptop I?d highly recommend this one. 
Didn’t really want to spend the money on a MacBook Pro but glad I did. This laptop is the best one I have owned. The way it works with all my other apple device is smooth and easy. I highly recommend this laptop. 
My husband and I both got this new Macbook Pro 16" for Christmas. It's super fast and the new keyboard reminds me of the one before they went to the one before this one. The bigger screen is awesome. I highly recommend it! 
Best computer the market for Videographer and Photographers. The Graphics, speed, size, sound is outstanding! Runs Lightroom, PS, Final Cut Pro X very smoothly. Also, ran Logic Pro X like a charm. 
My new 16” MacBook Pro is far superior to my 2017 15” MacBook Pro. It is finally a pleasure to type with the new keyboard. Also much faster and screen is much clearer. Everything works as advertised. 
This computer replace my mid-2012 MacBook Pro. The lager screen is nice. But, the increased speed is great. So far, I love this computer. 
Great computer, fast, and more storage than I need. Only concern I have is that my fingers sometimes lightly hit the touch bar when typing, and trigger something. Thinking of changing/turning off touch bar because of it. 
Still trying to get used to it. There are several things that I still am having problems with. My mail program is the worst. I haven't had the chance to go in and try out the new things yet. 
Love my new MacBook Pro. Very easy to purchase online. Got great Black Friday deal plus with purchase via payboo card I received additional cost saving - sales tax credited back. Highly recommend 
This computer is a monster. It has more power than I need, but... why not? Awesome quality, but that's what we expect from Apple. My other Macbook Pro from 2009 still works, but I needed an update. 
Didn?t really want to spend the money on a MacBook Pro but glad I did. This laptop is the best one I have owned. The way it works with all my other apple device is smooth and easy. I highly recommend this laptop. 
My daughter uses it for editing photos for her photography business. It's so fast & has cut her editing time down 50%. She is a busy mom of 3 so has little time to spend editing. Great product! 
They've fixed the problems with the keyboard, returning to a pre-butterfly feel. The screen on the new 16" is magnificent as well. I have a 2016 model as well, and the keyboard and screen both are superior. 
I've had this computer about a month. So far I'm absolutely loving it. I'm a graphic designer, so Mac's are industry standard. Couldn't be more happy with the decision to make this purchase. 
Very powerful for video editing and other multimedia production. I upgraded from the 13" Macbook Pro and not only was the power noticeably different but many other features like the keyboard, speakers, and obviously screen size were a nice upgrade. 
The laptop clearly wasn?t fully tested (Geek Squad Certified), and suffered from boot issues when waking the laptop from sleep. Unacceptable for the cost of the product.Thankfully there was a no questions asked return. 
The magic keyboard on the 16inch is worth alone as an upgrade over the 13inch and old 15inch which have the butterfly keyboard! That just makes it a no brainer. Tried out in store and simply a great buy! 
This is my first MacBook Pro, I previously had a 13" Air (late 2018). I am glad I waited for the new 16inch model. This Pro is a workhorse and allows me to edit my photos with no lag uploading my raw files. Could not be happier! 
Was worried it would be a hard transition to a Mac. This computer is the best I have ever owned. The speed and ease of use was better than expected. It definitely has more power than I will ever need! 
The display is breathtaking. The new keyboard is a huge improvement over the previous version. The processor is very fast. Overall very happy with my purchase. 
I've worked on a lot of laptops. All the big names. This is by far the best one yet. From performance, to the size of the screen, to the keyboard and sound, this system is simply wonderful 
Base model Macbook Pro 16" is amazing. Got an amazing price from Officeworks with they Price Match guarantee + 5% discount. The laptop is fast, battery life is amazing and the speakers are superb 
Bought this to replace my 2012 Mac book pro. Big difference in weight. Still heavier then I thought it would be. So far it is a great machine. Loving it 
This is The Best MacBook Pro so far, I am speechless with the quality, screen, graphics, and performance. It is super fast, responsive, stylish and modern looking. This is a great machine for professionals 
This is the first Mac I've ever owned, and so far I'm impressed. The speakers are noticeably great, and the display is really sharp. My wife still has her MacBook Air from 2012, so I'm planning on keeping this for years to come. 
Adorama offered the best price I could find after extensive research. Ordering was quick and easy; the sales rep was very informative and product arrived in a very timely manner and met all of my expectations. Overall this was an excellent buying experience. 
Bought this for my son. He’s a musician and uses a program that uses a large amount of ram, this Mac has been fantastic for all of his recording. He currently has an 18 input interface that he uses with it and handles all of its needs! 
I recent purchased this item from Best buy and the process was quick and efficient. The salesperson was knowledgeable and very helpful throughout the process. I love the product and will continue to purchase Apple Products through Best Buy. 
Though we will never use this computer to its fullest extent, it has been efficient and well functioning so far. It is very intuitive. Also, apple support was very helpful with data migration issues. 
The laptop clearly wasn’t fully tested (Geek Squad Certified), and suffered from boot issues when waking the laptop from sleep. Unacceptable for the cost of the product.Thankfully there was a no questions asked return. 
Having a mac pro that folds up and I can take on the road with me is exactly what I was looking for so I picked up this MacBook Pro and I love every single thing about it. The new style keyboard, the speakers are phenomenal, and the 100wh battery make this last all day without a problem. 
over all is a nice machine. Only few things negative 1.battery depend what you use it for but even minimum use don't get at 11hours. 2.get hot if you over work it. 3.don't support 4k video. 
Double capacity of SSD, upgraded CPU and RAM along with GPU(4GB), and the wider screen at the same price as my previous 2014 MacBook Pro 15.4.I am more than satisfied with this computer except that I need to wait until the privacy screen filters for this model show up in the market. 
Sound is amazing. Screen is beautiful. Super fast. Wish it still was same weight as 15” was. Frustrated that so expensive to increase memory. 
i've had a MacBook pro back in 2011 which it died and I never got around to replacing it. saw this MacBook pro 16-inch so I went ahead and bought it, What can I say it’s amazing, so don't delay go ahead and buy one, you won’t regret it, the speed is amazing fast - only had it for 1 day and i'm making a review - the sound is just amazing awesomeness, Harvey Norman made the Purchase very easy. 
It is an excellent, but expensive option for demanting users who are dealing with 'heavy' software and image/film editing. Very quick processor, high screen analysis, great colors. 
having an iphone and ipad for years now, the missing piece was a macbook. So decided to buy the latest and greatest model. the 16 inch macbook pro. Just getting started, but looking good so far 
Sadly I was disappointed in the newest MacBook. It’s much slower to load files than my old MacBook, plus there’s issues with previewing photos with the icons. So I still use my old Mac to review images since I can’t in new one. 
I bought this to replace my 5 year old MacBook and I can't believe how easy, fast and intuitive this laptop is! I love the Touch Bar! what a great feature! It is expensive - but worth it! 
With a slightly larger screen than the 15" MacBook Pro, the new 16" MBP is a worthy upgrade. It still delivers smooth and sharp graphics, speed, and best of all, a much better keyboard than the last iteration. 
Coming from the 2014 13 inch base model MacBook Pro, this thing flies. So far I'm really loving it, and the battery life has been fantastic, more than I ever got with my previous MacBook Pro. Definitely worth it for my needs. 
Bought this laptop as a Christmas gift for my son only in December it had intel graphics and a lower resolution screen for the same price as it is now with a retina display and discreet amd graphics. So tired of getting screwed by Apple! 
The Macbook Pro I ordered through Adorama came in perfect condition, shipped on time, and the best part is that there was no taxes charged on the purchase! This was the perfect treat yourself Black Friday gift. Thanks Adorama! 
Love everything about this laptop except the fact that Apple hasn’t brought back the MagSafe connector. Beautiful screen,a physical ESC key. And really awesome sounding speakers! 
Perfect size for photo editing. I was debating between this and a Windows laptop. Glad I picked this one. Multiple programs run at the same time without an issue. 
Finally upgraded my 2015 MacBook Pro to the new 16 in. model. Great decision. Faster, improved monitor and keyboard. Glad I waited and happy with my decision 
I’ve been holding off on purchasing a new MacBook Pro for the past several months with all the rumors pointing to a mythical 16”.Seriously impressive how fast these laptops are, initial tests out the gate are showing some great results from previous year models. 
Easy to navigate with apple set up. Able to run both windows and apple processors with ease. Found all my old files from every apple product I have owned including ones I forgot I had from an old I pad on deployment. 
Great picture using HD. Excellent price. MountingTV was as easy as 123. Yes, I would recommend for general day to day use. 
This is a no brainer for anyone who needs a laptop to edit video, photos and graphics. The form factor is great and the performance has been stellar. Also kudos to the B&H customer support for helping out with everything I needed. 
Fast, lots of storage, easy and efficient to use. I started a long time ago with an Apple 2 Plus and with each Apple purchase I am amazed by the improvement in productivity and technology. 
I've wanted this level of laptop for years. In fact, I went for the mid 2018 iMac knowing that none of the laptops could do what I needed. Finally one came out and it is just what I have been needing when on the run to do video, graphics, live streaming, etc. 
U usually buy local but B&H beat the price and even whooped it within 2 days. I was in a crunch and they came thru. I even ordered an accessory the wrong color and they fixed it online in the chat and corrected the shipping and was still on time for my business. Class act at B & H 
this apple MacBook Pro is very versatile and robust. Great for streaming videos as well as producing quality work documents. this is the second computer we have purchased for family members. 
I do a lot of graphic design and this computer has so far handled everything I've thrown it's way. Multiple monitors, VPN's, InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator -- all running simultaneously, and nothing has slowed it down yet. 
Switched to the Mac cuz I’m tired of updates to my old laptop that disables features until the next one. The Mac is fast and intuitively easy to use. My son has had one for 7 or 8 years and it still works well. Love it. 
Going from a powerful Windows 10 touchscreen Asus to this MacBook Pro was a great move. Much faster and easier to use. It’s battery life ease of use and speed made sure I would never use Windows again. 
The display is incredible and crisp. Sound is better than theatre. This laptop is going to be my overall entertainment and productivity tool.. 10 Thumbs up. 
I had a great experience from start to finish in purchasing our Mac book pro computer. Customer service aided us in the purchase and we received the computer the next day. I would recommend B&H for all your computer and camera needs. 
Super fast! I love the Touch Bar. I love the other Catalina Feature has not avail in the MacBook Pro such as side car. Great investment. I won’t need another for 10 years. 
My old Mac needed a new battery, so I decided to buy a new Mac rather than spend $200 and be without my laptop for more than a week. Transferring the data was quick and simple. I'm still getting used to the new touch bar feature. 
Took a chance to buy an expensive product from a place i never heard before. Did the research. Reviews made me confident and i am extremely happy i bought from this place. Thank you! 
I enjoy Apple products and this is no exception. Large display and the new keyboard is fantastic. I've been using this for about a month and have no negative thoughts, just a little pricey. 
Beautiful screen, love the keyboard, and the speakers are louder than any other MacBook Pro I’ve owned (2015- 2018). Also the microphone is much more clearer. Two thumbs up from me. 
I've been without a laptop the last couple years and am finding the latest Pro to be a great upgrade. BH price was cheapest by far and delivery was faster than promised. Highly recommended. 
I have own my new 16” inch Mac for 8 days Now and the cap lock Key is not working at all either tab key. I wanted to posted a video of it unfortunately best buy don’t let the customers do it. Please be aware before expending 2k for this not worth at all. 
Aside from the battery life, It is clear to me why this machine is so highly regarded. There is literally no lag, it is a seamless transition from screen to screen....The graphics are nice, and I love how connected Apple is across devices. 
Apple has finally made their “stock” / “baseline” offering a machine that is capable of holding its own in the professional workplace. Very impressed with the capabilities that come with this entry level laptop. 
Although a little heavier than other products, it is a magnificent user friendly tool. The touch sensitive memory feature saves so much time and has the machine up and running in an instance.I could not be more satisfied with this Apple product 
Always had an HP for decades...became disgusted with virus infections despite top of the line protection products.It’s fast, fun, has beautiful screen quality and shocking speaker quality. I could not be happier! 
B&H had a wonderful discounted price on the product which I was happy for. The delivery was on time and after two weeks I haven’t seen anything to complain about concerning the computer.I bought this laptop for photo editing and it works just fine. 
The help in purchasing this was extremely helpful and pleasant. Geek squad did a great job transferring everything from my old computer. Adrian was very patient with me to explain all the new features. 
I went into Bestbuy not sure of what I was wanting but I was helped by an associate by the name of Alex Toler. He was very helpful and informative. No matter what question I asked, he knew the answer. He was patient and understanding about all my questions. 
Much improved keyboard from the previous model, which was my biggest complaint. Otherwise perfect for my uses... photo and light video editing plus writing. 
I actually saw many positives reviews only about this laptop which prompted me to purchase one to upgrade my 2014 Macbook pro with retinal displace. So far I am amazed by the purchase and the keyboard is amazing. 
This thing is amazing. Really cool tricks. Just make sure you watch YouTube for all of the little shortcuts. Can’t believe I didn’t change over to this year’s ago 
This is my second MacBook, and without a doubt, it is the best Mac I’ve owned. We’ve been a Mac family since 1987, and I use them primarily for music creation and photography/video. It’s a great machine. 
This is the best version of MacBook Pro ever. The only thing missing is touch screen. For all that money, it should’ve come with a touch screen. Overall, it’s top of the line. 
This things is CRAZY fast. Love it. The extra size is a noticeable but it still fits in most 15” laptop sleeves and bags. I would definitely recommend it! 
This thing so far is amazing. It’s super fast responsive and hopefully the keyboard will stay working. The negative is the lack of all the ports, no light up logo, and no power extension cord that’s 19$ extra... 
Had MacBook Pro 15" 2016 with the terrible keyboard. This model uses the older style keyboard. Lots of other upgrades. Best laptop ever 
I haven't been able to use it but i like the bigger screen. I didn't think I'd like the bar at the top but it growing on me. I glad I got this. My last MacBook was from 2014 and it still going strong. I'm hoping to sell it to someone soon. 
We love the 15 inch lap top pro, but it was and still is very herd to work with... My wife is a long time Apple person an she said it is very frustrating to work with... Would not purchase again... 
I have used laptops for years, but switching to the MacBook Pro was a great ting to do. There is no comparison to the MacBook Pro. My sales associate at Best Buy was extremely helpful to navigate which Mac would service my needs the best. 
This thing is amazing. Really cool tricks. Just make sure you watch YouTube for all of the little shortcuts. Can?t believe I didn?t change over to this year?s ago 
The best MacBook I've ever used. It's just awesome.The price was better on B&H compared to the Apple store and CostcoA little Pricy but a powerhouse. Definitely worth it. 
This is my first laptop and I love it! Long battery life. Fast speed. Awesome graphics. Glad I chose it for working at home!! 
I work with graphic design and worked with an imac, but I was looking for a macbook that would give me speed, performance and color fidelity. excellent screen. a computer for many years. 
I believe this 16-inch MacBook Pro is the best Apple has made. Apple fixed the things we wanted it to on the 16-inch MacBook Pro: the keyboard is back to the scissor switches, there are better thermals on the processor, and heck — the Esc key is back! 
Excellent machine in every which way! The screen is sharp and the keyboard is quite an improvement - very crisp. Internally, the machine is powerful and fast. 
Finally a keyboard that makes it worth it. A physical escape key and a discrete video card finally worth the money. It?s still expensive but MacBooks are meant for the long haul. 
After being a long time PC user for 3D animation work, I thought I'd get a MacBook for development work. Since I was starting fresh, I wasn't too concerned with some of the voiced concerns of Catalina not supporting 32bit applications (apart from development software, other major software was Adobe CC and MS Office). Although I did find my monitor calibration system (for critical photography) wasn't going to be upgraded to 64bit: so I upgraded it to a new unit (that also supports HDR, so I can use it with my OLED). I am impressed with the overall ergonomics of this generation Mac, and while it would be nice to have a touchscreen, the touchbar is useful (only Lightroom doesn't have touchbar functions, but I found a preset with Better Touch Tool). I was also looking forward to trying the free 1 year trial of TV+. When I first ran updates, my system was updated to 10.15. I was able to sign in to all apps (including the 3 new entertainment ones that used to be iTunes). When my software was upgraded to 10.15.1 (right before I could try enabling the 1 free year trial with TV+), I found I couldn't sign in to Apple TV, Music, or Podcast. The main support agent I worked with said that she could find other incidents but that there wasn't a resolution yet. I thought I might have to wait for another software update, but luckily found a suggestion on how to log out and kill iCloud. After restarting, I could sign into the apps and then sign back into iCloud. Viola! works now. So there's that bug (from new software feature). I've also noticed that if I try to airplay TV to an Apple TV device will just quit the application unexpectedly. If I want to share my library or TV+ with others, I do find I can airplay 4K Dolby Vision and Atmos using an iPad Pro 12.9 I've just gotten. Sidecar seems to work well for being able to use graphics apps with Apple pencil, though I can't calibrate the iPad while mirrored (my calibration program also quits unexpectedly. Perhaps that's another iOS 13/ OS 10.15 bug to be resolved. Anyway, some potential software issues are what's giving this a 4 star review. As I said, I like the hardware: the i9 processor does offer significantly faster render times with videos compared to my Lenovo, and the fans aren't as loud. My Lenovo might have fans going when even doing web surfing, but my Mac stays silent except really heavy loads. Less
I needed to retire my trusty Early 2009 MacPro because it could not be updated with the latest OSx versions. I decided to go with this MacBook Pro based on its promise of a significant improvement in performance over the old MacPro.In the process of transferring a lot of Apps and loading new ones I found that it was getting very hot, particularly the area between the top row of keys and base of the lcd. In fact, it was uneven comfortable to the touch.Now that I've been using it in regular duty (photo editing), it still often exhibits this overheating whenever large files are being transferred to and from an external SSD or when it's doing complex computations. As to performance, yes it's pretty good but I don't see the night and day difference with the old MacPro I was hoping for.Battery life is another disappointment. This laptop might run for several hours on its battery if it's not working hard (checking emails, social media, etc) but I've been alarmed at how fast the battery dies when I do photo editing.I probably would have tried to return it if I hadn't invested so much time and effort configuring it but now I'm pretty well committed so I'll just have to see if it will be reliable in the long term. Heat tends to be the enemy of reliability when it comes to electronics.I must say the lcd is outstanding with its high resolution and colors. The Touch Bar is taking some getting used to but it's very nice being able to log in with a touch of the finger.I've only been running this for about a month now so it's still early but I'm reluctant to recommend this product to anyone doing heavy computations or having to deal with large image or video files. The horsepower is there but the long term reliability might not be. Less
I replaced my 13in MacBook Pro (mid 2017 no touch bar) with this 15 (Mid 2019) MacBook Pro last month. So far I'm very pleased with overall performance and features of this laptop.ProVery fast performance running Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign & SuiteCase with lots of fonts loaded simultaneously.Sound from speaker is very loud and clearTouch Bar is very responsiveVery quietLight weight compare to other 15in high-end laptopsConVery expensive - This is very well made machine but there are cheaper alternative on PC side. I used XPS 15in with 4K screen and it was just as powerful as MacBook Pro if not more due to its capability for hardware upgrade which MacBook Pro has none. If you were to purchase this MacBook Pro without any discount $2500 can easily jump well over 3k after tax & AppleCare.Touch bar - this could be just me but I miss physical ESC key. The placement of ESC key on touch bar is very sensitive and i'm constantly hitting it by accident while working. Also it's true that you can customize the touch bar button layouts but it still lacks photoshop & illustrator functions only very basic options are available at the moment. Hopefully more deeper options will be available in future.ConclusionThis is very fast machine but is it worth the price? I admit this was more of 'WANT' not 'NEED'...I only pulled the trigger because of $500 off promotion with no tax and free shipping. It saved me over $800 and I wanted larger screen with better performance than 13in MacBook Pro for what I do. Also brand loyalty had big play when i made the decision... I was actually looking at Surface Pro option as well but I've been using Apple computers over 20 years (PowerMac G3). I guess you have to decide your 'need' vs 'want'. Less
Apple redesign of macbook pro line from 2016 has been plagued from the different issues. As, the company made some changes over those years, they finally have the refined product that is improved on different fronts.Let's start with the keyboard. The keys are the same mechanism but they are little quieter than previous version. It is still my least favorite keyboard but change in materials might mitigate some key failures. Apple keyboard replacement program is there for 4 years to take care for any keyboard issues.The laptop is runs little cooler than the 2018 i9 version. It can sustain the base clock speed all the way when pushed hard. The turbo boost is there but the advertises 5ghz turbo boost is from intel marketing not apple's one. So, the laptop would never reach 5ghz on all cores. Apple definitely did some thermal paste and undervolting magic to take care of thermal issues for this 2019 version.Overall, I think the 2019 version of macbook pro is the best in this design cycle. Apple took care of the some of the complains the people had regarding the previous iterations. The screen is same gorgeous one, battery life for causal use is around 7 to 8 hours and laptop does run cooler than the 2018's one. If you want to get a new Macbook this is the one. Just buy that applecare, as apple has virtually made impossible for third party to repair this machine. Less
There is no such a thing as a perfect laptop. No matter how much money you have ready to spend, you can't get the *perfect* laptop. Let me explain: nowadays, companies are competing for the thinnest, yet most powerful laptop you can get. If your laptop browsing brought you to this Macbook model and this review, you probably already know that.I am a Windows user who has never owned a single Apple product before. I own a Samsung phone, Samsung Watch, custom desktop, Google Home... nowhere am I in the Apple ecosystem. But what's pained me about Windows laptops is there has not been a consistent manufacturer out there. What scared me from the Dell XPS 15 was it's reliability issues - people were reporting bad speakers, dying screens, etc. I actually returned this Macbook for a Razer Blade 15 for a solid day, but the USB ports were not properly aligned with the frame, meaning I had to jam them in.This isn't to say Apple isn't innocent either. So far no keyboard issues, but we'll see how that turns out for me down the line. So then, why did I jump into this machine? The i9 processor is killer. While it is thermally constrained in this laptop, the 8 cores gives my Premiere rendering a huge boost. The screen is simply unrivaled for me. I like a GLOSSY panel, not a dull matte one which a lot of other laptops use. It not being 4K is actually a plus, as battery life is quite reasonable. I'm also sick of a 16:9 screen in a laptop, the more square screen on this Macbook gives me more vertical room to work. And I don't see this mentioned as a big deal enough - I LOVE the charger. The brick seems tiny compared to other monstrous chargers, and it's over USB C, meaning it's simple to plug in and non-proprietary. Not to mention the included cable is LONG.Some of the things people mention as cons are actually pretty cool benefits. Yes, this laptop being thin makes it harder to cool, but it also makes it so much more pleasant to put in a bag and carry around. The IO is all USB C, but they're all Thunderbolt 3, meaning the speed is simply unparalleled on all of them - external SSDs simply go flying on this thing. Not to mention the ability to dock the laptop with an external monitor, or in my plans an eGPU.Well what's bad about it? A ton of things. As mentioned, reliability is in question for the long term. This laptop gets quite hot, so it isn't too pleasant to do demanding tasks while the system is on your lap. The GPU falls behind competitor laptops, the touchbar is just kinda weird(?). There's not as much compatability with MacOS (but Bootcamp can fix a ton of that), the keyboard travel is a bit shallow and that combined with the sharp edges makes my hands hurt a bit when typing on a table that's a bit too high. I can't upgrade this machine down the road (everything is non-upgradable), and did I mention this thing is EXPENSIVE.BUT.I've come to accept all of this. My tradeoff is for a trustable machine to perform video tasks, photo editing, and work. I've come to accept these trade offs for a machine that's thin and powerful while having an intangible quality that simply doesn't exist in other machines. It's battery lasts long, and it has a small charger I can easily tote with me. Don't come here for gaming, don't come here for the best value on the market. Come here for a machine you need to get work done fast and fluid above all else. That's what I needed, and those other laptops have too many tradeoffs in trying to achieve everything. Less
I previously won a 2013 MacBook Air and used it for the last 7 years. That was my first Mac. It worked great that entire time. Recently my needs changed and the new software I needed to use was simply too much for the old Core i3 and 2GB of RAM. I bought this as a snap purchase and was concerned whether it would be worth the money and whether I was getting a decent deal. I couldn’t be happier with my purchase. This MacBook Pro glides through work and multitasks without missing a beat. Even my work laptop, which is decently spec’ed, sputters and has significant load times etc. doing the same work. I also like the fact I can do video and photo editing without having to constantly wait for things to process while watching the spin. It even plays a lot of current games. The thing that stuck me about my previous Air was that, despite being the literal base model, it has still lasted nearly a decade and I expect my son to get several more years out it. Being that this is a higher end model I’m hoping to use this model for all of this decade and then some - or until Apple stops supporting it. :/ If you can afford the upfront cost you won’t be disappointed and the long-term ownership costs are on par with a windows PC if you factor in that you’d likely need 2-3 PCs over the same lifespan of this Mac. Less
I love bestbuy and never had a problem with any products until now. My family and myself do majority of my shopping here. This past weekend I made the decision to buy an open box geek squad certified MacBook Pro 15, I was ensured by the employees nothing was wrong with it and that they run tests before putting it on the floor. The box was pretty much brand new like it was literally brought and return right away. Unfortunately this past Wednesday I go to use it for the first time ever and I realized it was acting odd and I could not use the touchbar at all. The next day (yesterday) I go straight back to best buy geek squad and they could not figure it what was wrong with it after they ran diagnostic like they did before putting it back on the floor. This is been my worst experiences here and I'm so upset because I truly wanted this labtop and the price was amazing. After going through this experiences I can surely say do not ever want to buy an open box item again even if it is certified and do not recommend to anyone. Also, I was advise I could not do an even exchange (apparently they did not have it in stock even though the website claims it does)I would have to return it and buy a new one at full price which is truly ridiculous. OR have apple try to fix it (also ridiculous since I literally just brought this item) I wish the company would see how much of an inconveniences this is and would honor the price and just do an exchange. I never had an issue with BestBuy in the past but this has defiantly left my family and I with a bad taste in our mouth. Less
Having owned many MacBooks over the years, this one compares favorably to those. The lack of any ports besides USB-c and Headphone jack were a bit worrisome at first. I did a universal adapter that Best Buy had that does HDMI, SD card, USB etc so when needed I could plug those things in, but so far the month I have owned the machine, I have not needed it. I will sometimes, but not a huge deal.The machine is fast, well built, sleek and everything I expect from Apple. I have my old machines that still work well, other than technology changing over time, so I know that the expense evens out over time. I can easily get 10 years from a machine when taken care of and put in a sleeve or case when taking it out.I like the apple ecosystem because from photography to email, to music, apple makes the programs, and they just work well together. things sync well with the phone, iPad, iPod etc.I also own PC's that are getting better over time, but in my humble opinion, not quite as easy to use, integrated or sleek as the apple products.I don't love the price tags until I am 5+ years into owning a machine, then it really makes sense since I have lots of life left and am not even considering replacing it. During that time I have had seamless integration and just enjoyed the product. I feel like I got what I paid for. Only you can decide. Less
My previous 15" MacBook Pro is still going strong after more than 5 years, but it began to show its age, slowing down on some applications and showing short battery charge. So I decided to buy the current version of the same computer that has served me so well. The new MacBook Pro has the much-maligned touchbar, but I find it quite useful. The keyboard also has been much criticized and debated. I don't like it as much as they keyboard on my 2014 machine, but I'm not joining the chorus of critics. It works just fine and I love the smooth, hi-end look of the entire work area. The touchpad is brilliant, I love its size and responsiveness. The Intel Core i9 is super fast for all my uses, including the Adobe Creative Cloud applications. The Retina display needs no praise from me. It is stunning. This is an amazing computer. It is my workhorse machine, and it does everything I need. The speakers are superb, and the Bluetooth is version 5.0, though I have no Bluetooth devices that use 5.0. I'm not impressed with battery life, but I don't often use it unplugged. Less
First I would like to say that this is an amazing computer. If you are in the market for a new MacBook Pro do not hesitate on purchasing this new machine. I upgraded from a 5,4 MacBook Pro mid 2009. I had read about the keyboard issues with previous models & heard about the rumored 16" MacBook Pro. But I think that 10 years for a machine is long enough. I pulled the trigger and bought this machine. Keyboard is different from my old machine & for the better. I actually type faster on this machine. I was in the crowd that complained about Touch Bar, my only interaction with it was from other peoples machines. Now that I actually own the machine I can say it really is a benefit. I find myself using it more each day. Last but not least is the 8 core processor, my old machine was due core. I can say coming from that 10 year old machine to this is incredible. This machine is really fast, You won't be disappointed! Glad I upgraded when I did, plus I got it for ($) of with the code from AppleInsider.When I purchased the computer from Adorama they did not have it in stock but said new machines were on their way to the store in a couple of days. 2 hours later I got an email that they were going to drop ship it to me from the factory. Love the communication from the company, and the fast service they provided. Would definitely recommended them, and will check here first for my next purchase. Less
This is for my employment. I use an iMac for photo/video editing, needed something more powerful for when I am mobile - iPad is great but can't really do Adobe Acrobat things, etc.I chose this MacBook Pro as it's specs are pretty close to the iMac I use with Adobe Creative Cloud apps. I store almost all of my media/documents on an external drive or cloud, so managing the 512GB storage is not a big concern.I'm very happy with Apple products and have good experience with them. The features on this are really nice, and I think the Touch Bar is really great. Set up was simple.Performance has been just what I expected.One con: I'm pretty familiar with Apple products but I really did not pay attention regarding the thunderbolt port access and was stupidly surprised when I discovered I didn't have an adapter. Sure, there are four of them ... if you have an adapter.An Apple adapter is about $60 as of this writing. I chose a product from Amazon which was an 11-in-1 adapter (memory card, multiple USB, HDMI, etc.) for about $59 - it works perfectly.I am very pleased with the purchase and would definitely recommend this. Less
I purchased this laptop to get the latest greatest Apple power house. Unfortunately Apple appears to have reached the CPU power limit of what the current form factor can handle. The 2019 model was only marginally faster for everyday tasks and much hotter and louder. The fans seemed to be running at all times even with the simplest of browser tasks. I never even got to exporting videos or other demanding tasks but I imagine things just get worse from there. I ended up returning the unit and wait for the next redesign from Apple. I have to say it's really frustrating how slow the laptop development cycle has been. Also, a per peeve of mine is that ridiculously large and inconvenient power supply that Apple keeps insisting on using, It's bulky, useless and hard to plug in anywhere. And the cord they include is larger than my vacuum cleaner. Really??? So get back to the drawing board Apple and start innovating again!! I think I am going buy a Mac mini instead. Less
This is my first Mac computer. It was difficult to take the plunge because Macs are so expensive compared to PCs, however I think it is worth paying extra.The computer FEELS well made. After setting it up, it recognizes you by biotech (fingerprint) or your Apple Watch. I like how my Apple gadgets work together and function as backups.The retinal display is big, bright, and immersive. I have found the functionality and integration of the hardware and software to be easy to maneuver and I love the way the keys feel when typing; again solid.The only possible drawback is that it has no USB ports, only USB-C. I think that is their way of pushing the user to step up to the newer technology of the C and/or use Cloud technology.I live and work in China and bought a Xiaomi TV. I was pleasantly surprised that the computer wirelessly integrated with it through my WiFi network and Apple Air. My work PC had to use HDMI cables. Less
I upgraded from a Mid 2012 MACBOOK PRO, my concerns were the lack of the assorted ports and using a dongle or similar adapter. I have found this not to be an issue at all, I am using a wireless External hard drive and the cloud storage for other files more than ever before. The computer is excellent, fast and able to preform many tasks at once, I have been unable to see the dreaded spinning rainbow even after opening all apps at once to test the performance level. The battery life was disappointing until I Conditioned the battery as directed on an apple forum. I also use a 2017 similarly equipped model and this one is quite an improvement, I am seeing 8-10 hours depending on the tasks involved.One more thing, I purchased a 2018 15 MacBook pro, it had issues with heating up and the shift key seemed to be operation as a power button, after a morning with Apple support I was told to ship my new computer in for repair, i contacted the B & H support team and within a few minutes I had a return authorization and a new order for the 2019 model I have just reviewed, these guys are a step above any other electronics retailer I have experienced. This is why B & H is my go to photo and electronic supplier. Less
I had a Toshiba laptop from 2011, which I got at Best Buy for 150.00. so I decided to finally bite the bullet 8 years later and get the best of the best. So I threw away my abacus, looked at my sundial in the backyard and noticed best buy closed at 9. so I got into my car, drove to Best Buy, dug deep into the wholes in my wallet, which I found out I didn't have any money on me, but that didn't stop me. so I opened up a Best Buy credit card and did the no interest financing. Would I purchase this again? ABSOLUTELY. this thing is lightning fast, has 4 lightning connections as opposed to the two on the 13 inches, I had to squint on the 13 inch Mac in the store, so go big is the idea, and this computer has the speed, screen size and picture quality, the capability of multi-tasking faster than the human Brian can process, can talk to Siri when I get into a fight with my girlfriend , connect wireless devices with bluetooth so if you have AirPods or any bluetooth printer, etc...this thing will find it, hunt it down, and take full advantage of it with its i9 processor. hope this persuades you. Less
I've been a long time user and fan of the MacBook Pro. My first MacBook purchase was a 2009 model that only recently kicked the bucket late last year. So no question, the build quality on these machines is unmatched. I love the design and over all look and feel of the laptop, but I wonder, did Apple consider who might be using this machine when they built it? For me, using a powerful, mobile product for my video and motion graphics needs was a must, but now with Apple's slim line appearance there is apparently no room to fit in the things I typically would need to preform my job. I'm stuck with purchasing aftermarket peripherals that don't always work well and can become expensive and lots of cables/space needed to have these items. I see no reason why Apple can't include a much larger hard drive and a simple way to integrate file transfers from pc/Mac without having to go third party. Overall I'm happy with the product, I just feel there could have been more thought to the end user. Less
This MacBook Pro is ideal for those who need a powerful computer with tremendous reliability whether in Mac OS or Windows 10. If I ever have an issue, I know I can take to either of the Apple Stores nearby and I get taken care of. Apple have never let me down.My issues, if you can really call them that, is the non upgrade able SSD. IT IS ACTUALLY UPGRADEABLE! But no one makes the specific SHAPE M.2 drive and supposedly, the RAM is not upgradeable.The screen image quality is truly amazing. It’s very crisp and clear.It also has the best sound I’ve heard in any laptop. That’s generally always a weak point, but not here.There are only 4 USB C ports and you can charge this MacBook Pro through any port, however, if you don’t want to carry a ton of USB to USB C adapters or USBC to HDMI, they Hyper Drive Duo is a mustA word of warning, if you get the Incase Hard cover, you WILL NOT be able to use a Hyper Drive Solo or Duo as the case doesn’t let either device snap into the USB C ports as intended. Less
I purchased the MacBook Pro to use for photographs and slide shows, as well as, to use with my DJ music show. It is excellent for both purposes. I was a DJ at a wedding, and took photos the day before and the same day before the ceremony. I was able to upload the photos I took, and have a slide show during the reception and dance that included the rehearsal photos, and the before wedding photos from the same day. The MacBook has excellent sample slide shows with just a group of photos, and it basically creates a slide show for you. It is possible to have more detailed slide shows and Imovies also, but it works great for just a simple slide show to display the photos. The MacBook has excellent music features to work with my mixer and powered speakers. I am looking forward to a couple of other downloads of some other programs to use for Karaoke and the storage space and RAM will allow for some very nice features and additional downloads. Less
I enjoy the computer. The keyboard has a new feel that I was a bit caught off guard with, but I have gotten used to it pretty quickly. On the inside it's a creative workhorse. The display is nice, but looks the same as the 2013 model I replaced it with. I had to spend another couple hundred dollars on a thunderbolt hub which was annoying. The Touch Bar is surprisingly more useful than I thought it would be. The battery life is TERRIBLE to say the least. I switched to using exclusively safari for email because using chrome gave me about 2.5 hours of battery life. Operating safari only I was able to get about 5 hours of battery which is far from what is promised. All in all I'm happy as I can usually find a way to plug in, but would have loved the freedom from the outlet that was promised with this $2500 computer. Less
Gorgeous machine. Speakers are incredibly loud and clear. I really hate the OLED bar but you do get used to it and there is a setting to make it stay consistent all the time showing the volume and brightness controls but I accidentally push them all the time because they are virtual buttons and don’t require a press but just simply your finger rubbing on it. The keyboard is squishy with a weird sound to them (not a bad sound, just not satisfying) but you get used to it and it’s still one of the better keyboards in the industry. Display is gorgeous, you can’t not love it...it’s amazing. Trackpad is the king of laptops.I always recommend MacBooks, I just don’t see any other laptop on the market that is so refined and smooth. Apple makes laptops designed to last and this one is no different. Wonderful machine! Less
I still have my Windows laptop, but made up my mind to only use it for editing my photos with PhotoSuite. I bought this because I wanted to be safe online as much as possible. I have an iPhone and am happy with it, another laptop that I installed Ubuntu on years ago, but am only so proficient at. This has a great processor, and is kind of like both OS’s of the others, but with it’s own twist. Is easy to learn, and because it has Thunderbolt ports only, I needed to buy a hub. It works well, and am happy. I had to find out how to copy and paste, also some others, and is easy. I like the Retina color and dimension, the keys are fast to respond, you can regulate the touchpad, icons, as well as others. Is much lighter than my Toshiba Windows laptop, but I don’t believe that the battery lasts for 10 hours, I got more close to 8. I bought NordVPN in the App Store, and working great with it. I think it is rather expensive, but makes me happy in every way, and I recommend it highly. Less
It has been a while since I updated my computer, yet I am DELIGHTED that I have done so! I have been working on a friend's, but this one is so MUCH better! I am no longer jealous. I don't think I could have made a better choice. While I have owned Mac computers and taught people to use the same software on PCs, nothing stands up to the awesomeness of a Mac. And this one is awesome! The speakers are great! The keyboard is easy touch and has reflective action to know you have touched & made the touch communicate. (I have touched some PC laptops which feel like they have the cheapest keyboard & I felt like I was using a typewriter from the early 1900's. Sucked. BUT not this laptop.Lightweight, responsive, great speakers, ports which gives the flexibility to make it your own & personalized to your 'prefers'.What can I say? I love it!!! It's fantastic & I am happy I made this purchase! Less
You can do a lot of research into whether you need to upgrade to this Macbook Pro, and that is what I did. I had a 2011 Macbook Pro that I have used all through out school but now it was just not fast enough for me to use at work. I use adobe programs and it opens the programs in a blink of an eye. Yes the laptop gets a little hot when you are running a lot of things, but that doesn't bother me. It is much quieter than when my old macbook would overheat. The speakers are also great and can get super loud. The battery doesn't seem to last that long but when ever I am working I make sure to be by an outlet, so again, not a big deal to me. Overall I am happy with the purchase because I so desperately needed an upgrade. But from what I hear, if you've bought a macbook in the last several years, it is not that valuable to upgrade to this one. Less
I really like this laptop; I can run it with Apple's OS, which is my preferred mode because it makes best use of the battery, or I can run it with Windows 10 (dual-boot option). When I open the laptop up, I hold the "Option" key down to choose which OS I want to run (boots really quickly either way). I have two old programs that I need, but only work with Windows. Everything else I want is Apple. I use Duet software to hook up my Ipad and use it as an extra touch-screen (nice for using MathType). If I could give it 4.5 stars I would. It is very expensive and it ought to come with a slip-case and a thunderbolt-to-USB dongle; also, in Windows mode I need to use a Windows-style mouse for best results. But as far as the actual machine is concerned (apart from the pricy-ness) it is really nice (especially the great screen and the convenient status bar). Less
I do a lot of video editing it’s a good screen size for that and works well. I was looking for a bigger screen size as it seems to be an exclusive to Best Buy item, a cheaper version to the apple store 16 inch. It does have the same capabilities though so worth it. Since working at home and having to add live recording to the mix, it holds up well but not as powerful as I really need of course. I haven’t tried live-streaming only recording with it and for a few quick shoots holds up. But when I’m scheduled to do a bit more or returning live feed back to more than 2 people that’s where I slow down and my cpu maxes out. For editing this is perfect but streaming or mixing video, def go with something more or opt for a pc, because of limited stable mixing programs offered on Mac 
For most tasks, an epic machine. Very nice, superb screen, easy work flow, nice to use.Advertising was misleading, said for high resolution cameras and 10 hour battery life. In this regard, a fail. Not a lot of performance processing large image files and battery life barely 2 hours.For my primary purpose, mobile work with H6D, this model is very mediocre.Type C connection very slow (abour 5 seconds per image, to transfer via Apple type C cable direct to camera).Battery life poor (never exceeds 2 hours life while processing images).Image processing time better than 2017 iMac but I'd still consider it slow. 
I was a little hesitant to purchase because of the issues with the previous keyboards. The newest revision is much better than the older versions. I tried other Windows laptops and ended up retuning them due to poor performance and build quality. I use both platforms for various duties. I always end returning to Mac for my main computer needs. I like the smoothness and quality of the OS and how all products integrate. I do a lot of audio and video editing and I like that Apple allows you to just purchase the software and not have a subscription. Anyway this is great machine, I'm very happy with it! 
Overall, this is an excellent computer and I am happy with my purchase, that said, it is 2019, and Apple, it is time for MacBook Pro redesign. Others, such as Huawei, (which I did not buy for ethical reasons), give you more bang for your buck, and when it comes to weight, they give you less. Here is the good: fast processin, great screen, superb track pad (the best) , excellent sound, solid (built like a brick), reliable. Areas for improvement: too heavy, big bezels, which if shrunk would make for a smaller, lighter computer with the same size screen. I didn't like the butterfly keyboard at first, but after a week of typing, have come to quite like it (fast and consistent). I use it mostly for processing raw photos while traveling in Capture One, and for that purpose, it excels. 
Insanely fast and powerful. I push this thing quite hard with both audio and video recording/editing. Doesn’t even break a sweat. I was concerned about the dongle situation going in but after a couple minutes of researching what hub to get for my multiple drives, external monitor and other devices I was set. Note: it will push 4K @ 60hz but none of the multi-port hubs will go beyond 30hz. You’ll need to google usb-c hdmi adapter 4K to find one. Yes, that and one for the hub leaves you with 2 ports. Not bad at all. Unplug and you have a slick, clean and thin mobile power house. Oh and the Touch Bar is crazy useful. No idea what all the bad reviews were about. Nicely done. 
Apple gives you everything you expect from a Mac and more in the new 9th Gen i9 core processors. Graphics are better then some 4k branded TV's; running off the moderate Intel UHD Graphics 630 1536 MB. Images and videos play smooth and crystal clear. I ran rigorous task with all processes being maxed out in activity and still had not one hiccup or slow down with the powerful new MacBook Pro. I recommend getting the 512gb storage just to make sure you don't have to carry around a additional HD plus adaptor accessories for the usb-c to usb-a conversion. Beautifully designed with state of the art internals. Cant go wrong with the Mac'. 
I bought the model this one replaces a little over 2 weeks ago. Had no idea a new one was coming out so when I heard the announcement I exchanged it to this one. Did benchmark test using CineBench on the i9 processor and it ranked between the Xeon processors (see pic). I've also played around using Final Cut Pro and the processing speed is astounding. I also am glad Apple changed the keyboard to be less noisy and more reliable (Some keys didn't register correctly on the previous model)The only thing I do not like and could live without is the TouchBar. It takes a day or two to get used to, I had the problem of grabbing the laptop and pressing the ESC key unintentionally. Overall very happy and highly recommend to people who need the power and screen size. 
This laptop is excellent. From it’s blazing fast Core i9 Processor, to its dedicated 560X GPU, it’s able to handle almost any task thrown at it! I use this laptop everyday in college and it’s light weight and thin design makes it easy to travel from class to class. Also, it’s extremely fast processor and SSD storage allow me to access my work as fast as possible. In addition, it’s beautiful 15.6” Retina display makes it possible for me to clearly view all of my assignments at once. All in all, this is a great laptop for anyone to use. However, you will get the most value out of it if you are going to use it for video/photo editing, CAD design, or any other intense task. 
I have had my MacBook Pro for 4 months now and I still feel giddy when I lift up the screen and the Apple symbol appears. I bought one for my son in 2017 for college and he loves his. My old HP was 7 years old and took approx 5 mins to start up on a good day. So, I made that leap of faith and purchased my 15" Apple laptop. I really do love this machine! My son contacted Apple service one time because he got a suspicious email and they had him put Malware on his laptop and all was good with the world from then on. He wasn't sure if that was an AppleCare thing but the guy on the phone said he could call them with any questions and they would be glad to help, Learning curve for Mac v PC was minuscule and the machine has a pop up search for anything you want to learn about. It exceeded my expectations and I look forward to many years of giddy startups! Less
I haven't had it for too long, so I cannot vouch for certain issues such as keyboard durability.That being said, this is a fantastic device. The build quality is spot on, and while the keyboard takes some getting used to, I am able to reach my normal typing speeds with about the same keystroke errors as my mechanical keyboard. As for general performance, it's more than enough with handling some of the simpler games and assets that I use for Unity or Blender. MacOS itself is pretty robust, and does not require too much setup to get started outside of the initial startup. And it's all stored in an incredibly thin, and wonderfully built package. 
Apple gives new Mac buyers 60 days to buy AppleCare if they decide to do so after buying from authorized dealer, such as B&H. Yesterday, less than three weeks after purchasing a new MBP from B&H, I took the sealed unit (serial number on the sticker outside the sealed box) to my local Apple Store to purchase AppleCare and the agent stated that Apple records shows that my unit was purchased seven months earlier. It was a wasted trip. This week we will try to resolve this issue with Apple Support, but I am not happy about this development. I would sincerely appreciate an explanation and workaround for this from B&H and/or customers experiencing a similar problem. Other than that, I am generally pleased with the B&H operation. Thank you. 
This is my second MacBook Pro. My first one is nearly 8 years old. This MacBook is very fast and easy to use. One annoying thing though is when it is plugged in and on and idle it keeps beeping and saying the battery is at %100 percent. It seems like the beeps come every 15 minutes or so. I do like the larger 15.4 inch screen. Getting this one up to speed, all I had to do was to transfer my files to this hard drive then go to the App Store and download all my purchased apps. To me, it made everything much cleaner, only the apps I need and no clutter of updates. I'm not too crazy about the price. Even with the current back to school sales, it's still seems a little pricey. 
This is such a great laptop. The only thing I fear is the keyboard failing. I've pushed it to the limits with 4k video and it performs great. The screen is absolutely beautiful. The touchpad is huge, with is something you have to get used to while you're typing, and having almost no key travel is interesting - but depending on your keyboard preferences, it's fine. Nothing will never replace the iconic Chiclet keyboard. The touchbar is more useful than I thought it'd be, especially during typing in web browsers (auto complete!). The speakers are amazing. 
After upgrading from a 2013 macbook air, this thing is fast. This computer should easily last me 5 more years with as powerful as it is. The speed blew me away and I continue to enjoy the all day battery life. A bit expensive, but I know too well about paying the apple tax. The specs on this computer put its pricing in line with other windows competitors. I trust that after the 4th years since it's 2016 release, this model is likely very well sorted. Everyone keeps talking about waiting for the 2020 release or a redesign, but what people are not saying that is the 1st year of a new model--which I'd avoid anyways. 
Upgraded from a 4 yr old MacBook Air and what a difference in quality and speed. It’s a little pricey but was able to get one as an open boxed which saved me a bundle. Highly recommend for those who does a lot of photography and video editing. The touchbar saves a lot of time as it provides quick access buttons for ease of use for certain applications. Definitely love the 15” screen and the resolution is crystal clear. The speaker is much louder and clear. I had to get a separate docking station as a hub since it uses USB-C. Overall, I’m very pleased with the Pro and it’s worth every penny!! 
With a little learning curve I'm making the switch. Had some apps I needed support to continue - Linux didn't make it. There are Mac versions so everything is good.I have had a crash or two and a couple or three updates already which I guess I hadn't anticipated that type of frequency.I do miss having the number keypad. USB-C only interface is ahead of it's time but manageable.Normally on my lap on the couch - the heat vents to the rear and gets a touch warm especially if I'm in shorts.No upgrading hardware post purchase - I missed that before the sale. 
The new 2019 Apple MacBook Pro is excellent, very fast CPU, plentiful ram, does great for work, also has some moderate gaming capabilities with the Radeon 560x gaming GPU. Boot camp worked flawlessly with windows, and windows runs great on this platform. I’m not huge on the very low profile keys, however I typically use an external keyboard. Also kind of miss my USB A ports because there’s just a lot fewer USB C options out there, so I use an adapter, not a huge deal. Overall it’s fast, reliable, this is an excellent workhorse. 
I bought this Macbook as an early birthday present to myself. This is the first Macbook apple computer I have ever owned, and I love it. Its fast, smooth, and crisp. The screen blows my old HP laptop away and the speed of multitasking is insane with the i9 chip that it has in it. Also gaming seems to be okay with it, not the best but hey for an apple laptop, this is amazing. I highly recommend buying this one, or any apple MacBook for that matter. This one takes the cake in performance. 
Still trying to get used to using an Apple product. Boots in a few seconds. MUCH, MUCH, MUCH faster than Windows 10 (which I personally detest). Once I become familiar with the Mac Pro my rating will probably be five stars.I thought about switching to Apple for years as Microsoft kept putting out what I, and others, considered poorly thought out software.Glad I did. Joined my son and son-in-law who swear by Mac. Maybe Microsoft did me a favor by updating my Windows 7 to W 10. It irritated me enough to make me switch. 
This machine takes anything I throw at it from music production to app development without issue. It has no problem running process hungry tasks simultaneously. I notice it go to sleep at random but unsure why or if it’s something I may have accidentally triggered. The Touch Bar is no gimmick and I use it much more than envisioned. Installing to the latest OS, Catalina, took a few tries but that was also my experience with an Air model I had. I haven’t tried much gaming other than Runescape which seemed to run pretty fluid. 
This is my first Macbook. I love it. Easy to learn on. It was super expensive even as an open box. I bought the apple care protection. I read up on the I9 chip set and 8 cores and exchanged the unopened I7 I had just purchased. I only wish it had a larger hard drive but my only choice was to get a 13 inch as the I9 15 inch is super expensive for a 1TB drive. So I settled on the 512 GB and will have to use back up drives. I really needed the screen space and the programs that can run on a Macbook 15 inch. 
Had to buy a new computer because my 2012 Macbook was barely functional. The new Macbook is obviously better in terms of speed and image quality, and the volume can go much higher than on the old laptop. Haven't had any issues with the keyboard. The lack of ports is extremely, extremely inconvenient though. Can't connect a jump drive, can't connect to printers without wifi, can't connect an Ethernet cable, can't connect my dashcam, etc. I also would prefer to still have a built-in DVD/CD drive because the computer did a bad job transferring my iTunes library. 
This replaced my Mid 2008 MacBook Pro 13....I was a bit skeptical about going from the goto laptop with all the peripherals to a new unit without but omg...I simply love this thing and in usual fashion as the rest of my equipment, expect it will last until the OS goes end of life on me again and unable to upgrade any longer.For long time MAC users, there is a reason why we continue to by their stuff...and for the majority it's because we understand that we get what we expect even though it cost more usually.The stuff runs flawlessly, it's user friendly, it looks great, and the support of the equipment and software is world class.You can spend less for a windows machine no doubt...but then you get a windows machine and all the headaches that go with it. 
I have not bought a new MacBook since 2014 and so I was a little worried that the technology would have surpassed my brain size! Luckily, the Best Buy rep Hunter gave me a full tour of what had changed and gave me a tutorial on how to use the track pad with all it various swipes and I walked out confident! I love the task bar at the top of the keyboard. It keeps you from getting fingerprints all over your screen but let’s you have that same quick hands on experience that a touchscreen does. I would definitely recommend getting the AppleCare plan too for an investment that is going to change your life! 
I am happy with this machine, its probably my 5th or 6th Mac laptop in the last decade and its works as desired and it's a very well put together piece of kit.That said I really don't see any appreciable difference in this spec vs. the standard i7 6-core, and the render times won't blow you away. It also is routinely incredibly hot during non labor intensive activities, with a fairly lackluster battery life that see's me reaching for the charger every few hours even when just checking emails or writing documents.Its a beautiful machine, but I don't think that 8 core i9 is worth the price over the base spec. 
I love this laptop. The screen picture is very bright and clear. My granddaughters told me it would be too hard for me to use as it takes awhile as I am not a whiz on technology . However, I find it not so hard to use if someone shows me . I find the keyboard is very easy to type and easy to use. I had used windows for 20 years so I am still learning to use the Mac as I soon will be 80. I do wished a manual would have come with the laptop. Since i have only started using the Mac pro for a week, there is much more I have to learn before I can write a better review. 
Just got it yesterday. Haven’t had a MacBook since 2011. Fast and very easy to use, integrate and run tons of business services/programs at the same time. Starts up right away and handles multiple all my business programs with skipping a beat. Was getting very frustrated with Windows’ operating system. Compared it with the Surface Pro 2, and very glad I went with this instead. The current Best Buy $250 off right now made it the easy choice. And the new i9 processor is great. 
I had to upgrade my Apple because my new embroidery machine software would not work with my old Mac book. I love the bright color of the screen and the touch bar. I have a Dell and its ok, but my Mac book is my fave. I know it is a lot of money but when you look at the longevity of a Mac compared to a PC it is well worth it. I have an Iphone, Ipad Pro and Mac book pro, 2 actually. It is so easy to just have everything on the same system. I hate Windows 10 and I hate the constant updates. I feel it is money well spent and a good investment. 
This is a great machine for handling Photoshop and Lightroom each processing large number of files at the same time. The keyboard feels nice, and the speakers are amazing. The touch bar is okay, not that useful in my opinion. II haven't experienced much thermal throttling yet, it does heat up on peak load but quickly cools down too. It is reasonably quiet and has a gorgeous display. The biggest miss at this price range is the lack of an SD card slot but then that's Apple for you. 
I recently purchase this MacBook Pro on a sale at Best Buy. I needed a computer fast, solid and graphically significant for front end web design. This laptop delivers. I currently have this laptop decked out and runners by virtual machines for php coding, HTML, JavaScript, SCSS and running Studio applications. Even when running all apps I need for development there are no delays or slowing down of the system. Love this laptop and would recommend to any developer. 
Is use this for Final Cut Pro X since my 2008 Mac Pro does not support the updates anymore.It runs really hot for my lap when using the app. But it’s ok for browsing.The battery is not even close to the advertised 10 hrs. I’d probably get 6-7 hrs for normal internet browsing. Maybe 2 hrs on Final Cut Pro editing 1080p videos from Canon 5D(un-optimized)Have to get used to using a docking stations and usb dongles.I love the short-travel keyboard. 
I brought the MacBook Pro because I needed a 15.4 inches laptop with OS x and 512GB. Apple doesn't provide the option of Macbook air 15.4 inches for lower rates. It has a quality material body, thin, lightweight and introduces the touchpad and fingerprint to unlock. Apple products are normally more stable, efficient, good quality speakers, camera, etc and I am not having any issues. Its costly product, I will also recommend for apple care for accidental breaking. 
Had this computer for a couple months now, Purchased to replace an older mac I had that had just about overstayed its welcome as far as tech goes. Cant believe just how fast it is, performs all the stuff my old one struggled with, with ease. Very light and portable, keeps charge for all day use. Screen is really clear and portrays colors pretty true to life. I use it for video editing and photo editing and it has no struggles at all. Does 4k Videos with ease as well. 
While this design has come under some scrutiny, I have been using it since 2016 when it came out. I love how thin it is despite how powerful at the same time. This one, in particular, was interesting to me because of the i9, 8-core processor.I used this for abour two weeks and fell in love, although I gave it to someone else at my office so I could upgrade. I actually got the higher end (Vega graphics) for some of my more intensive uses, but this one gets the top grade from me for what it costs. 
Went from PC to this MacBook Pro primarily because I do photography and want the best display for images. The display on this MacBook Pro is clear, sharp and vibrant. My experience with the Mac has been positive so far despite the bit of learning curve switching from Windows to Mac. I have used an iPad and iPhone for years; so now I'm all Mac. Like other Apple products, this laptop is a very high quality product. 
2012 MacBook Pro with all my business on it crashed with no solution in sight. Needed this in a hurry, and B&H delivered it on a Saturday, the day after I ordered. It took me most of the weekend to get all my data migrated, but I was up and running on Monday. Lifesaver.The machine of course, is as advertised. Expensive, but it works. 2012 machine was laboring with Adobe applications that I have since removed and now looks like a good backup. It was time for a transition and this was about as painless as it could be. 
Amazing Battery Life! I absolutely love this computer. The speed is amazing and running multiple programs at the same time is awesome. I've never owned an Apple computer and was very hesitant to purchase, but 100% love my decision! The only down fall is the keyboard. I knew this before purchasing. When you're typing you don't feel the keys go down and it makes typing feel weird at first. 
Love these computers when they work and are free of defects. Shouldn't be an issue though considering how expensive they are. I bought one of these last week but returned it because of overheating and SSD related issues. I exchanged it for another and this brand new MacBook Pro had two defects in its chassis. For $2799 apple should let you put the dings in your computer yourself. With all this said, this is a great computer and gets the job done. 
Sleek and fast processing. With how expensive it is, it’s a good idea to order some protective armor for it. The speakers surprised me, very interesting stimulation. I quite like it! The usbc thing throws me off but at least you can stick the power adapter on the left or right which I found convenient (offers you the option to avoid wearing out the cord with bending). Better purchase a usbc adapter soon! 
My mid-2014 MacBook Pro was starting to feel the changes to the new operating system and it simply wasn't responding like it used to do. After 5 years, I felt a change was a benefit to not just my tech, but also with the work I need to do through my work. This computer handles it all! I have been a Mac user since the Mac Classic in 1990! It's pricey, but between a trade-in and some Best Buy points, I was able to get this at around 35% off, which is great! Great purchase! 
I primarily bought this for development on MacOS. This is a great machine for that; I've never wanted for extra power. I'm also a fan of Apple's ecosystem (iPhone, HomePod, HomeKit, iPad, AppleTV), and this adds to that experience. The keyboard feels good to me; hopefully it is reliable. I have a PC as well and really enjoy the OS quite a bit more than windows. This isn't great for gaming though. 
My old MacBook Pro was 12 years old, so I fully expected an improvement with this current version. But I didn't expect this big of a change. It's light. It't lightening fast. And the resolution is fantastic. I'm so glad that I finally updated. I would recommend that anyone with a version more than a few years old take the leap. 
Great laptop for my senior student focused on media arts and film making. The high speed, high resolution, and memory capacity is great for handling large audio and video files and complex editing. The Touch Bar functionality is especially cool! This will be great for college next year and years to come. Highly recommend this product. 
Might be the most amazing laptop I have had. So fast and it never bogs down or needs time to think. Graphics are great. I don’t think my eyes would even notice if it got any better.I love the feel when typing and just cruising the internet.I went with the i9 chip and larger storage. Which will prob come in handy down the line.How can I say more about this ??? 
I love all of my Apple products! This is my second MacBook Pro. My first one still worked fine (it was 10 years old!) but it could no longer update to the latest software because of its age. So I took advantage of a nice promotion at Best Buy and splurged! It syncs with my phone, iPad, and Apple Watch and makes life so easy. I figure I'm set for another 10 years at least!!! 
I have been a fan of the Apple MacBook Pro for many years and this is my favorite model yet. Lightweight and attractive- with an awesome new touch bar - I am glad I made the purchase even though my 2012 model is still operational. Im very pleased with its performance so far. Set up was a breeze and I’m enjoying using it more often due to its amazing speed. I’d highly recommend this model. 
Needed something with fast processor, good graphics, and easy to use. This one hits all the marks and doesn?t get too hot. Full disclosure I am a big Apple fan. I have had a desktop Mac for 7 years and it still works great. Just wanted to be able to travel and take care of business while away. Looking forward to getting many years of use from this laptop. 
I was a windows user previously and was skeptical about getting a Mac. But I do not regret that decision, for a bit higher price than a good Dell XPS you get better performance, privacy and a better interface. I would say go for it. Although one thing that I am scared of is how delicate it is, I am scared of it because of how expensive it is and the preexisting condition with the keyboard for this series. 
This MacBook Pro with the 15.4" screen and a Core i9 processor is ideal for a primary but mobile workstation.When coupled with a docking station, ease of transitioning from stationary to mobile is effortless.The 512GB SSD is quick and the 16GB or RAM ensures you have ample resources available.This product gets two thumbs up. 
I'm an YouTuber and needed something that could keep up with editing. Although I wish I could have afforded a larger ssd, this laptop is PERFECT! I also got the Final Cut Pro education bundle off of Apple (for less than the price of FCP) and got a great deal. This laptop has NO problem loading up the effects and doesn't lag from it or at all. Check out BeepKeeper on YouTube if you'd like so see our quality and what we can do with this. 
While I'm not a fan of Apple products, I do find the quality of the MacBook hardware top notch. The OS leaves much to be desired. We purchased this for my daughter who is going off to college and will be majoring in graphic design. She just better keep the thing on her at all times because the price tag on one of these is freaking ridiculous. In my opinion not worth it. 
This is my 3rd MacBook Pro and first 15 inch. this is equivalent to any market desktop you would need for heavy performance on the go! the new keyboard takes a lot of getting use to as there is a very short travel between strokes. Power wise it's very fast and can handle anything you throw at it. So far so good! Value I gave a 4 out of 5 because its not cheap, even on sale. 
After using for quite a few months i don't regret paying 2599 for this mac compared what i have been getting out of it. It can be used as gaming , programming etc. So far i don't have any issues with its performance and battery life. i m enjoying this macbook , i would like to recommend this model if you are willing to buy a new laptop.Once you go Mac, you won't be coming back :D 
An excellent, powerful machine that comes with macOS Mojave, and easily updated to Catalina. The feature I love the best is the ability to log in via your fingerprint using the Touch Bar. The display is beautiful--crisp, clear, and bright (but adjustable), And the 500GB SSD great (compared to the 250GB that I had on previous machines. Highly recommended! 
After accidentally shattering the screen on my 2009 Macbook Pro that i bought brand new, it was time for a newer laptop. Did a little research found this model and bought it with no hesitation. I loved my 2009 15" model but man this newer model blows it away. I have no doubt in my mind that i will also get another trouble free 10+ years out of this computer. 
This laptop is by far the best laptop I have ever had. From the sleek and incredible portable factor to the beautiful product it is this laptop can do it all. It is so fast and the performance is amazing!!! Yes it is a bit expensive but I got mine on sale for $400 cheaper than the actual price and feel like it is definitely worth the money but none the less, this laptop is just AMAZING!!!! 
This MacBook Pro is so much lighter than my old one! It has a normal headphone jack which is great. I ended up getting the i9 processor which is overkill but it was still cheaper than buying at Apple! I’ve filled up a decent amount of space already and am glad I got the 512. It’s been super fast for video editing! I’m in love and very happy with my purchase. 
I purchased the i9 version and it’s been a great machine for editing and rendering animations on the go. It’s not meant to be a desktop replacement though you can use it as one with the right setup. I would recommend buying the I9 only if your really going to utilize the multiple cores. It’s not a cheap laptop but is it a great one if you prefer Mac OS. 
This is my first go at a mac from windows, and I have to admit, I am quite impressed! The build quality is much better than any windows laptop. Performance is fast and smooth.I am not so much a fan of the keyboard, however, it's tolerable.Overall love it so far, and can totally see myself continuing to use macbooks for my laptop of choice. 
The MacBook Pro delivers very high quality with fast speeds as you learn to use it, but I would not recommend this computer to an average user as the initial price I quite high. As a power user for college and engineering software this computer works very well, but for an average person a lower grade MacBook will suffice. One thing I would like to note is that when the pc is under some type of heavy load the battery dies very very quickly. 
I am coming from a mid 2009 macbook pro i bought from B&H over 10 years ago and had refreshed with a SSD which brought life back to the laptop. I finally upgraded and love the laptop. Touchbar and retina display is a nice. I wish Apple had more options instead of integrated HD or memory but hopefully this one lasts me just as long. 
Works well on Protools and Premiere with 4k videos. I'm still trying to make better use of the touchpad but I think it might be an interesting tool for editing shortcuts. Only thing I can not understand is Apple take out the SD card slot. That was a stupid decision. Other than that I recommend the product! 
I switched 11 years ago to Mac from PC due to constant crashing of my work computer. The continued updates allow for flawless applications and confidence in security for my work. I had a 17 inch model MacBook Pro which I loved unfortunately it is not available anymore. The 15.4 is a little smaller but I appreciate the smaller size for travel. 
What can I say, it’s been awesome for my needs. Yes I read the reviews about the I9 in the MacBook Pro. But when you dive into it they where testing heavy red film over 5k. I’m editing in 1080 and 4K. Still way faster than my old iMac. Plus all my other photo editing it’s perfect. No issues definitely recommend. 
If you’re in the Apple ecosystem and like macOS, doesn’t get much better in a portable form factor. Power for any AV work and photo editing. Expandable, fantastic screen and sound, decent battery life but runs hot. Love the slim size and quality construction. 
This is my second Apple MacBook Pro. I purchased the first one in 2015 and it's still working great so I gave it to my wife. I bought this one from Adorama about a month ago, and so far so good. Apple computers are not cheap, but they are worth the price in the long run. 
Amazing computer! More than worth the purchase prize. Touch Bar and display are excellent.However, be very careful of the bottom screen, any crumbs or hard material can crack screen if there when computer is closed.Buying AppleCare with computer is definitely worth the extra money. 
Great version of the 15 MacBook Pro with the new i9 8 core cpu. Well worth the investment as Apple has created a mature GOLD STANDARD MacBook Pro. The buying and delivery experience with Adorama was 5 stars and will be my buying choice going forward. ...now place your Adorama order with confidence! 
New MAC user. Debated long and hard about converting to MAC and finally decided on this unit. So far, love it.Great keyboard and speed. The steel grey color is awesome. Light - easy to transport. Excellent choice. 
This is my first macbook pro I've personally owned (I use one at work and support them), and I am very impressed. As usual with a mac, not great for gaming, although there are external video cards available. Very fast, great display, and the reason I am here: the software is top notch. Using currently for Logic Pro X. 
The display is amazing, I hesitated a lot about the size and weight... 15” was definitely the right choice, movies, videos and streaming just look great, the performance with the i9 is just instant response and playing guitar on it with the guitar rig + all my other toys and outlook and chrome and everything that I’m throwing at this mac and still runs like I’m just using the calculator... I love this mac... 
I am not a Mac girl, but my son needed this for his college courses. It does everything he needs and more. I wish it had a rear facing camera. Maybe it does and I haven't found it yet.A little disappointed by the need for a port replicator/adapter, but I was able to find one at a reasonable price. 
I had a MacBook Pro 2 yrs ago that my daughter is using for college and had never caused any issues, although I purchased an AppleCare for 3 yrs. So I bought another MacBook Pro for my young kiddo as she was about to go to college next year. Excellent tool for education. I highly recommend it. 
Photoshop performance was better on my 8 year old MacBook Pro. Ended up returning. Can spend half the money on a windows based laptop and get the same performance if not better. Touch Bar is gimmicky but not very useful and the keyboard is terrible. Thunderbolt ports are also a pain 
It is a powerful tool to work with images in both photography and video. It has great power and speed, it also shows exactly the color of the videos and photographs for production as well as the audio. It is truly the best option in laptops to edit professional videos and have a pleasant workflow! 
Don’t like the new USB-C plug in cord. The magnetic power cord in previous models was awesome! Come on Apple, don’t ditch a good thing. Other than that, awesome computer. Fingerprint ID is the best new addition! Makes things so easy! 
I have only had this MacBook for a little while but so far I love it! The Touch Bar is great but I don't use it that much so its not a necessity if you only use it for school and internet like me. The battery lasts forever and the screen is crystal clear. Will update this post if something comes up. 
I bought this MacBook Pro because it was on sale and I wanted a Core i9 version. The size is fine - for me, the perfect compromise between too small at 13" and too large at 17". However, the lack of external ports on this model disappointed, as does my inability to easily upgrade the memory or hard drive in this model. 
Great performance for running multiple VMs, med-config gaming, Xcode compilation etc... fora Macbook. Obviously you can cheaper non-apple laptops with similar specs but nothing can really compete with Macbook’s optimized os with hardware, screen, trackpad, design and ease of use.... 
I upgraded my old MacBook with this model and I am glad that I did because I absolutely love it. However, I do have a couple of minor complaints and I hate to say this but I don't like the fact that the apple on the cover doesn't light up when you are using it (ridiculous I know). Also, the battery life does seem to be much shorter than my old one. 
The famous Apple MacBook Pro is only two weeks old and I am already having problems. The keyboard has sticky keys that seem to get worse with the time of day. Also the laptop has failed to boot several times even when plugged in to the charger. Things must improve to keep from returning to B&H. 
We replaced our old Mac Book Pro with this one. Despite our crappy dal internet there is a real difference in speed. Lots of jew apps that wee are looking into. Looks like we are going to love this machine. Also the transition thru iCloud ws seamless. 
Got the 15” MacPro to replace a late 2015 27” iMac. Very pleased with its performance and have no issue connecting various thunderbolt 2 hub and drive enclosures (need thunder 2 to 3 adapter). The 4 thunder 3 ports provide great flexibility for connecting peripherals, such as a monitor. 
This laptop is fast! I purchased this laptop to run multiple virtual machines for a college class and it run the flawlessly. With the Vega 20 graphics on board it guaranteed great gaming performance for those moments I have to unwind and relax. Very recommended! 
This is quite an amazing laptop, not only does my Apple Watch gain me access but it provides access to all my documents, is lightweight and works on the go since I'm a student. This loads any document quickly and easily. I highly recommend this laptop especially if you love apple products! 
This was a replacement for a MacBook I'd owned for 10 years. This screen size is bigger, but it's about 1/2 the thickness of the old one. Love it so far. Incredibly easy to set up and no issues. If you can afford the big price tag, I highly recommend. 
This is the wife's computer. She seems really happy with it. Her only dislike is having to put in a password every time she wants to use it. The computer is fast and the display is very clear and the colors are vivid. I would buy another. 
I have been purchasing apple products for 15 years.  I initially bought them because all software on them was written for Apple specifically and the system was very intuitive. 15 years later and tens of thousand of dollars later, the software doesn't work as well as it used to and I spend too much time on discussion sites trying to figure out how to do simple things.  It just isn't the same. My biggest problem with my new MacBook Pro is that it only has the new ports.  It has no USB, thunderbolt (which was the next big thing),  SD card, etc.   Now I have a couple hundred dollars worth of connecting cables.It is no longer exciting to get a new MacBook, it is just another exercise in figuring out how to make everything work.  I am not sure my next purchase will be from Apple. 
My friend loves his new laptop. I bought it for him when his croaked. His old laptop was outdated and could not be fixed. I took him Best Buy and said “pick one”. He was so happy that day and is happy with it now and he can get back to DJing (on his days off from regular work). Thank you Best Buy! 
Great machine. What you'd expect. Pushing machine does cause crashes. If you're doing photos, video definitely spring for bigger hard drive. We'll return for bigger SSD. 
Having used Windows for more years than I would like to admit this computer takes some getting used to. Like that I can unlock with my ⌚️ Even though the screen is smaller than I would have liked it really is high quality so the smaller size is not an issue (at least yet). Was easy to set up using the built in setup program/process. 
Work provides me with high end Dell, but this MacBook Pro just outperforms it in every way from iOS vs Windows, to pure speed and brute force when programming.Awesome piece of equipment... Definitely not cheap, but is so differentiated that price is not too too far off the mark. 
This was the first and the last time that I buy Apple Computers. They are useless. You are very limited to upload programs and their software is really bad and not user friendly. I don't like this computer a t all. 
I love my new Mac. I only have one problem. When I close it, it doesn't put in Stand By and the battery goes down. Even if I press the Stand By button and close the Mac, it keep consuming the battery.I don't know if I'm the only one with this problem or if it's a software problem. 
This thing is amazing and I was hesitant to get a MAC Book because they do not have 10 key but with having a MAC desktop, I needed to stay with Apple because some of my software that I have purchased to use for my company was for MAC and I can download it to macs only. I love the touch board!!!! I am still amazed at wall it can do!!! I took advantage of the $300 off sale and I have no regrets!! 
Great laptop, runs much cooler than the previous gen i9 while gaining 2 more cores and only sacrificing a reasonable percentage of the previous gens base clock speed. Hopefully the improved keys are as much better as the other fixes. Great laptop. 
I really love this latest version of the Apple MacBook Pro. I upgraded from a 2010 version. I do a lot of 3d modeling, CAD and rendering and this is one very snappy performer. You won't be disappointed if you need to take your work on the road with this. 
Build quality is great (minus keyboard) and performance is good. However, you can do better on performance for the price. This suites my needs though, as I was looking for a new dev machine. I expect this computer to last me a long time. 
These are the best laptops that apple has made to date. They may seem expensive but when you consider the length of use you will get out of one of these the cost makes more sense. I usually keep these for 10 years and at that point they still work fine but by then the new technology is worth the upgrade. 
Form factor wise nothing else comes close. What you pay for in Apple premiums you gain back in lifespan of the product. Sure, not the most extreme cutting edge spec for the price. But you get a product that will perform and last for many years. 
Great performance. Battery life is as past generations so far -- seems pretty consistent. I enjoy the touchbar and its customization -- can be a little different to get used to the lack of a physical button like ESC but it's definitely possible. 
After replacing my 7 year old i5 MacBook Pro with this new i9 machine I was very impressed by how much faster everything worked. However after only a few days it would no longer charge. BB replaced with another no questions asked. Now the replacement works as expected. 
This is my 3rd MBP and I finally went for the 15' instead of the 13'. For years I thought the 15 would be too big or bulky and hard to travel with and I wish I had gotten it years ago. Faster, better graphics and performance all describe the 15 over the 13. Very happy! 
Finally upgraded from my 2014 MacBook pro and I'm blown away from how much better this is overall. The only gripes I have are the I/O having only USB-C so you'll need to invest in some dongles. The keyboard is not my favorite but is still great compared to other laptops. 
Could t be happier with this purchase. Got the latest gen at a great price. This machine is quick and snappy and can run multiple apps with little effort. The 8th gen i9 makes a difference compared to earlier versions. 
The i9 processor is fantastic. With the SSD you really don’t need more than the 16gb of RAM.I thought the touchbar was a gimmick when they first announced it. It’s really useful. Definitely the biggest surprise for me. 
I enjoy the laptop, and it is light and fast. However, the Touch Bar is not as useful as I was expecting, and it is overpriced (although that is common for Apple products). If you have the money and need an Apple, it’s great, but if you’re looking for performance only, it is probably better to spend your money on a PC 
I like the product, but from the beginning, the color was the wrong color, the product has been glitchy, and today I am going into Apple to get it looked at. When the AMcPro works is good.Best buy is a great place, Apple has good products but I think its just an overall glitch. 
For the CUP go with Inter I-9 that is fastest one so far, and I will say since that is the "4-gen" in 15" MacbookPro, the outside looks fanstaed, for the keyboard, I like the touch feel. For the speakers, I never thought any laptop could have so powerful speaker before I got this Macbook.In all, I will say this is best Macbook ! 
Wonderful update to the MacBook product line. Even with the new 8-core design, the MacBook Pro produces very little sound under load, and also becomes even more of a monster in multithreaded applications. 10/10 would recommend. 
I’ve always wanted a MacBook and finally purchased one. It is ease for me to use. Using a PC for the majority of my work, I was concerned that I had to learn how to use this Mac. It is user-friendly, lightweight in my opinion and looks really cool. 
Great laptop for coding and running virtual machines. The screen is amazing. I’m very happy with this purchase.The only sad thing about these MacBooks is that your are unable to upgrade ssd or ram. 
Love this computer! Lot's of bells and whistles that make it easy to use. Love apple computers! I'm still learning to use the Touch Bar features. It is very handy! I just need to remember it's there. 
I almost made a mistake and went with intel core i7 to save a few dollars but I am so glad now that decided to get the i9 processor. The speed of this computer blows me away and I smile every time I use it. If your thinking about it, do it. You won't be sorry 
Finally kissed my windows laptop and cpu goodbye. No more locking up every time I open an app. Fast, fun and beautiful just like my girlfriend. Haven't experienced the frustration of alt-ctrl-del shutdown once and don't miss them at all. 
I had an older version that served me very well but was getting old and I wanted a new one and planned to use my old one as a back up just in case. The upgrades on the new one are very nice. I love this laptop. It has worked very well and is faster than my old one. 
My fiancé loves the MacBook because it’s able to adjust the tone of the screen and the size of the screen. She loves everything about it and is finding new functions everyday! This is a major upgrade compared to her old MacBook Air. 
I had problems with overheating on the 13ich MacBook Pro so I upgraded to the 15inch and I have no more issues at all its like a tank. Even better its much faster than my 2016 Alienware Area 51 Desktop which has a I7 extreme CPU 16Gb Ram. Really happy with my purchase. 
I love this machine! It's fast and effective and efficient! Everything about this laptop is great...i just wish Apple products were a little bit cheaper. Then they would kill the competition. 
Battery life on this model is pretty bad. This is a workhorse, but sadly the battery can not keep up. Heats up pretty quickly right above touch bar as well. I would have definitely waited for a better one if I would have known. 
Needed a new laptop for college so went and got this one. Works awesomely. Plus it will last me though college and into my Career. It is a very nice laptop. Fast and responsive. 
I had bad luck with a corrupt drive but when it was working it was fantastic. Apple was really helpful and was willing to fix it, but I just returned it and spent more money on another better Macbook. Best computers I have ever owned. 
My first MacBook. Was a little worried about “switching over” but I am loving it. My embroidery software and vinyl cutting software are all now “Mac-patible “. Easy to use, fast and love how I can answer calls/texts from it. 
My son had been trying to get me to switch from windows based computer to MAC Book for years. I found the transition relatively painless and am greatly enjoying my MAC Book Pro and all it has to offer. Look forward to years of use with ease... 
By far the quickest computer I've ever owned, including the PCs I've built and use for work. I use it for windows on bootcamp as well and find the experience very nice and runs windows very fast. I can even do CAD design and play Forza 4 in windows with no issues.. 
Yeah I love MacBooks and am mad at Apple. They updated the OS and rendered many of my programs obsolete! Sure 64bit is the future but they should have made it backward compatible. Now I'm forced to use a windows laptop for some work I do...yuk 
I haven't purchased a new computer in a while, so this was a big decision as to which route to go. I'm very glad I went with the i9 and 16GB of memory. It is able to perform very quickly and efficiently with all of the programs I run. I am also glad I chose the 15.4" screen. 
Love this latest MacBook Pro. I'm always hesitant to change out my computer but I have to say, Apple has made it easy and heck. I even like the light bar. It's gotten a lot of bad press but easy to use and in comes in handy. 
Bought this for my daughter. She’s a freshman in college, studying film production. She needed a computer that could handle film editing and the rigors of college life. She loves it!! 
Great performance and worth the price. Last MacBook Pro lasted years despite being used every day, all day for rigorous design work. I expect the same from this. No other PC can match the quality and stability. 
Always a fan of apple products. Wanted to own a macbook pro since ages. Well y not own the best spec among them. Its just amazing.Just wish few softwares also get an upgrade to work on mac os. 
Such an awesome MacBook! I love everything about it! There’s is so many awesome features it’s hard to keep up and make use of all of them but overall after months of debating I’m very happy with it and would happily recommend to anyone considering buying one! 
I love the new Mac Pro. I was on the fence because I had the older version with the cd. I don't miss it. I really like the touch bar. It is definitely lighter than my other laptop. 
Display is amazing. I love the Space Gray - not crazy about the keyboard. Still the same clacking sound. Battery lasts longer than older model MacBooks 
Left PCs about 8 years ago, never going back. I hate the company, but love the products. This keypad is a pain, but otherwise, a great machine. Sure wish they had USB connections, though. 
Touch Bar is actually pretty handy. Wish there was a bigger screenNot having any ports was pretty annoying but I ended up buying something to fix that and it works great.The provided cord is not long enough at all and that is so annoying 
Speakers- WOWGraphics- WOWSpeed- WOWI love everything about this computer EXCEPT the battery life. I was expecting more from the battery life, however, I am the type of person to have 40 things open at once while my screen is on the highest brightness, so this could be irrelevant for some. 
I purchased this computer for photo/video editing and graphical design. It performs even better than I expected -- handling CPU and GPU-intensive processes in Photoshop, InDesign, and PremierPro with ease. 
I upgraded from 2016 MacBook Pro 13'', and I am glad I did so, the bigger screen is very nice, the laptop is 1 pound heavier but it is a trade to have a bigger screen.Of course you pay the price it is expensive but getting a refurbished laptop (comes with the same warranty) saves you $200-300 extra. 
I could not be more happy with my MacBook Pro or with the prompt and simple service and process of B&H. A great product. A great company. A great experience. Thank you! 
Love this Macbook Pro so much! Most of all this is the lowest price I find at Adorama. Amazing screen & the True Tone technology is very useful. The Touch Bar is easier to use than what I thought. 
Paid a lot of money for a computer for college. DD has to download a program for a class. The program won’t download and is frozen for 3 days. She brings it in for technical help - the technician said he never seen anything like it. 
Love my new MBP. Lightning fast and looks great too. Only thing I am a little suspect about is the battery life. I am not getting close to 10 hours as advertised. More like 6 so far. 
As a diehard pc fan... I am impressed with the performance, ease of use, and quality fit and finish of this laptop...just remember... IT COMES AT A COST... like a LOT of money... built to last and should do that well... 
I’m not big into lap tops so i’m not sure if the price of these specs are worth it or not. I just know Apple has the history of over pricing so I assumed this was no different. Everything else in my life is going Apple so I figured i’d need some type of computer in the Apple ecosystem as well. 
Purchased for student heading off to college. Pricey- but it’s the last one I’m buying that student. Will handle anything the school requires and handles the music mixing and the video editing that my student like to do on the side. 
I got the i9 after Best Buy had it for sale and got an extra discount with tech support. But that’s not the reason why Igor the computer I wanted to get the best mac with the best possible apecs that fits my budget, I highly recommended this model you’ll have to pay a premium. 
Always been a MacBook user. Only issue I’ve found so far is that the keyboard feels a little weird and I accidentally keep touching the Touch Bar so I’ve changed the settings on that. Besides that great computer! 
This is a high performance laptop, I was able to edit a 4K video in a short time compared to my older MacBook Air which would take for ever to render a 1080p video. If your usage is mainly focussed on graphics, photo editing or vide editing, this one makes it easy. 
This is a great laptop! It is super fast, and easy to carry anywhere. It is plenty of hard drive space, and with a docking station it can be used in almost any way imaginable. MacBook Pro is the way to go! 
I have owned several Mac Books and PC laptops and this is the best machine I have had. I love the Touch Bar and stability I have come to appreciate with a Mac Book Pro.Excellent graphics, “plays” nicely with Office 365 and fast! 
Perfect computer to run programming softwares and engineering softwares for college, as well as some modern titles of games (GTA V, Minecraft). This was bought for college and it will definitely be powerful enough to last the entire time I’m there. 
Battery life is longer than I expected. Light weight and easy to use, I love how all Apple products work together. I am still getting use to the processing program, but overall, I loce it! 
This computer is fantastic, and is definitely the cadillac of laptops. It's by no means the fastest computer ever built, but is more than enough for most developers like myself, and also does really well with photo and video editing. 
I needed to upgrade my 8 yr old MacBook Pro.Got this one and it’s more streamlined and thin. Super easy to transfer all my files from old Mac to new.Love this new machine! 
My wife had to finally upgrade from her Mac book that was around 9 years old. This laptop has more than enough space to store all her data for her photography business and still run smooth and fast. 
Great machine, first time that I have something like this, very easy for use. As for the seller, smooth transaction, and one of the few who send items on APO/AE address. Thanks for that, means a lot. A+++++ 
Very solid computer, runs quite fast and and the design/engineering feel good. It does get a bit hot and seems to lack some innovation in terms of year to year progress. Definitely gets the job done! 
Best place to buy a lap top because their prices are competitive and if you find it cheaper they will match the price. Staff is very knowledgeable and help you get what you are looking for. Always buy at Best Buy!! 
This is a great product! I only wish it came with more instructions on how to transition from a Dell to a Mac. I am lost and am not sure how to make this computer do everything I could with the last computer I had. 
If you have a hard time finding this product it's because their is very few employees in the store to be able to show you where it is. As for paying for your item their is few, if any cashiers, to help you. Josh is going for a big bonus at the end of the year, at the expense of his customers! 
Overall a great Product. I've been a Mac user for YEARS and they just get better and better. This model is so light weight and easy to use. I don't think I could ever switch from a Macbook Pro 
I love everything about it. It looks great, it feels great and the typing is wonderful. I've been waiting a very long time to buy one. Now my eco system is complete and I can work in peace and harmony. 
Really satisfied with our purchase and the laptop is doing everyting just as expected. Great product and good price that we got on a deal from Best Buy, our favorite company to hook it up with the apple deals. 
Hi,I strongly recommend this product from Best Buy. Very super fast computing cores and don’t think about the cost of product. Best Buy Team helped me to get this Product. 
This is really a great laptop as has all kinds of good stuff going on with it....If you are unfamiliar with apple just ask one of the salespeople at best buy and they will fill you in on all the features. If it is a bit much for you they can also help you find what is in your range or what you will be using it for. 
I use it for video editing. It can handle 4k 4:2:2 at 1/2 resolution with no problem. The screen is bright and accurate. If you’re looking for a portable video editing power station, this is it! 
For professional video editing and design work on the go you can?t beat what Apple has packaged into the top of the line MacBook Pro while keeping it so light. Well worth the cost if you?re in a position where it earns its price. 
I never thought I would go through a third party to get my new MacBook, but glad I did through B&H! They gave me the best deal and got the computer to me fast! I will definitely consider B&H for all my future Apple purchases! 
Best build quality you can find, great integration of software/hardware. It's a premium product with a premium price. Worth every penny. 
This macbook is the best value for the money. Fast processor and huge memory too! Long battery life. Great graphics. 
I get that you can get similar specs in a PC for a smaller cost, but there is nothing like a Mac. This is the epitome of “you get what you pay for”. Buy this beast of a machine and know you have a workhorse for a minimum of 5 plus years! 
Easy to use. My second MacBook Pro. I love it.Retina displace makes it easy to read and use drawing softwareSpeed, lite weight and reliability. 
So far so good. Very sleek. Haven’t had any problems yet and hopefully won’t. Heard the keyboard is better. Crossing fingers. 
As like any apple product, you get what you pay for. I like my memory and the speed. All my other apple products sync so easily. I love my Apple. 
This machine is great, but it's really not an improvement over my old Macbook mid-2015. If you need a Macbook this is it. But there's no sense upgrading from a recent model. 
This Mac jumped right in with the rest of my apple products and I love that the set up went smooth, as usual. The Touch Bar comes in handy, although that is not why I purchased it, I’m in school, a business owner and a film Maker, so this fits all of those needs in one and gives me a sense of security while on it. 
I have always been a pc user, and am tired of OS changes, and glitchy operation. Don't know anything about Mac, but it's worth a try. Too early to say for sure, but so far I like it. Very fast ! 
So far it’s a good computer. Keyboard is a little off but not as bad as everyone is making it out to be. Only issue I had was the sale price through the app was not matching the store price, but they matched it no problem. 
I don't think I've ever described a computer as beautiful before, but this one is. Beautifully designed, extremely fast, wonderfully engineered. Best laptop I've ever owned. 
The computer is amazing! I bought it for work and I’m so happy with my decision. This site also made it super convenient that I didn’t need to go to store to purchase. It was sent to my house in less than a week! 
Computer is giving me problems since day 2... It's restarting and restarting. Now am stock with a Apple 15.4 Macbook Pro Mid 2019 $3,500.00 computer that is NOT WORKING 
As with all Apple products it is a bit expensive but worth it to stay in the family. This is my first experience with a Touch Bar. Nice addition but not a necessary feature. 
it works well so far. I am still getting familiar with the computer. The picture quality is nice . it is expensive and hopes it can last for many years . 
Very nice machine. Fast, comfortable and sleek. If you can swing it go for it. With the Adorama discount it is definitely worth the purchase. 
This MacBook has solved so many problems for me. I was using an older Mac for a while and I finally switched over and this thing is blazing fast. I am fully in love now 
I got this computer because Windows wasn't exactly working out for me and I had gone through 3 computers in 3 years, and so far, this computer is the BEST computer that I have purchased! Very fast, no technical issues, etc. 
I purchased the MacBook Pro around a month ago and I haven’t had any issues yet. Overall it’s a great computer and has everything you could ever need 
Had a MacBook Air for a couple of years before doing the ultimate upgrade, the machine in my opinion is what laptops should be and yes I’m a iSheep fanboy. Anyhow I’ve had this MacBook Pro for a couple of months now and I have no regrets, very pleased with my purchase, 
Replaced my old Macbook Pro with this beauty. It is thinner, lighter, and most important, blazingly faster than previous models. The speed will blow you away! 
Best new Mac experience I've ever had after owning 4 different Max in the past. I was able to get a open box the speed and power put storage that I really wanted. Love the new function bar. 
The i9 8 Core chip is a must if you’re purchasing one of these lap tops. Amazingly fast. Light weight.I’m very happy with this computer. 
I had researched a number of laptops this is the one I thought I needed.Talked to a B&H tech, he did some research over the phone for me.The two of us decided on the apple. Thank you for your help! 
I bought this laptop for college, and so far the build quality is amazing and the speed is also perfect. Although the fans can get loud at times, it’s overall a great machine. 
This is such a great reliable computer. This is my second of this model. I had a problem with the display screen with my first one but it was easily fixed at no charge. 
Great for everyday use and works flawlessly with intense programs. Photography and video editing on the road works great and would recommend to someone constantly on the road. 
This bad boy does everything, and I mean everything I need. It's the most capable, and most expensive laptop they had. Apple's finest. I couldn't ask for more. 
Coming from 2011 MacBook Pro, to a 2019. Worlds of differences, super responsive, handles multiple adobe programs open at the same time. Works great. 
Upgraded from a 13" Macbook Pro Touchbar to the 15" and it is definitely a nice upgrade. The extra size is much nicer, but the keyboard is a far improvement over the 2017 version. 
Excellent performance and vibrant colors. Touch Bar is amazing and very useful. Another great product from Apple! 
I love the speed and overall looks of this MacBook. The 8 core i9 process is unbelievably fast. I never seen anything like this computer. 
Great laptop for the professional ! Speed and easy flow. Just make sure you get a protective case to protect your investment and apple plus just in case.... 
The performance of the device is extremely good and is easy to carry for a 15inch device. I got an extremely good deal from ADORAMA and the item was delivered on time. 
I went from a 13” to the 15” for better ability to edit in Adobe PS. The new Retina display is awesome. The power makes it much easier to edit and backup large files (8tb). 
The new mac works in wonderful ways and adds to my productivity at work. I strongly believe there is no laptop out there which is better suited for professional software development. 
We need none stock MacBooks and we need them in a timely manner for new employees. B&H has in stock what we need with free delivery. Much quicker than ordering a custom system from Apple. 
Fast, stable, capable of streaming music and movies with little to no latency.FaceTime works flawlessly even when mirroring to a 60 inch QLED Samsung TV. 
Happy with purchase and performs as expected. Pricey despite "sale" price at BB. Wish Apple can design a lighter laptop with all the performance of this one. 
I have been a loyal Apple user for the last 5 years, since mid-nursing school. MacBook has never disappointed with quality and ease of use, If you can get pass the price tag (which I feel is worth the price). 
Love the build and the inclusion of productivity softwares like pages and keynotes.For a graphic design student the computer performs perfectly. 
Needed an updated computer to replace previous mac and this will work for my purposes for many years. Great storage and speed. 
This laptop is great. I love the touch screen display bar at the top of the keyboard. Also, got this for $400 cheaper at Best Buy than anywhere else I priced it! 
Like all apple products, the macbook pro is similarly overpriced. However, it works very well for multitasking and has the processing power for my programs so 5 stars. 
I’ve had older MacBook Pros, but this has been the best. I went a little overboard though. Best Buy was great, the rep was very helpful and provided some great tips. 
Love my MacBook Pro! Our old computer was considered obsolete and this was the newest version available, with the best features and we knew it would last the longest! 
This was an excellent replacement and update to an older version. A much faster, lighter model. Very happy with everything about it. 
I love my MacBook Pro more than a person should love a laptop.My first one but I doubt it will be my last.I love having the laptop, the iPad, the iPhone, you can’t beat the way they work together 
With only 30 days of use, we have not had any issues... a major upgraded from our 2011 MacBook Pro. All data transferred without a hitch. Photos look amazing, and it is so much quicker... 
I decided to upgrade to this MacBook Pro after owning my MacBook Air for several years, and let me tell you, I could not be happier! If you’re thinking about upgrading, take the leap and do it! 
Love the touch bar that changes as to move from App to App. This PC was, yes, Pricey but that asside, makes up for it in total thoughtful design features. 
I’ve have always been an apple guy. I love this MacBook Pro it does everything I need and more I love the simplicity of it. Amazing product. 
Did research and decided on the MacBook Pro 15.4 display.I love the Touch Bar and needed the extra memory. I am happy with my choice!! 
This thing really made my life a lot easier. Currently used as a music recording studio in the size of a small rectangle haha it’s amazing to think how far these devices have come 
Idk which I like more, the new MacBook Pro or the customer care. Both are terrific! Definitely happy with the newest technology of the MacBook Pro. 
My daughter needed a laptop to edit and store short videos that she has to create for her class. So far it's meeting her needs. 
Excellent product. MY BOY FRIEND LOVED IT. i will recommend best buy to my friends also. excellent customer support. 
I am so happy with this purchase. This computer is exactly what I needed as a photographer. I love being able to take this laptop anywhere! 
This new Macbook was to replace my 10 year old Macbook from 2009. Apple products might cost more, but they are worth every penny over having to replace it every 2 years! 
You definitely get what you pay for with the MacBook Pro...great for students and this computer does everything and runs smoothly. Definitely worth the investment! 
Son bought this for his BFA in graphic design. Really nice screen. Got a great deal because the 16" just released. 
I’ve always dreamed of owning a MacBook and it’s everything I’ve ever wanted and more. My only complaint is how sharp the edge is where your palm sits while using. 
As with MAC computers, this one is incredibly fast. The i9 is smoking fast combined with the Radeon Pro HD it is an efficient and powerful machine. 
I like the bigger screen on this compared to a 13 inch HP I have. It’s definitely expensive, only because it’s an apple but you already know that. 
Even with the Core i9, I don't see any performance differences compared to the Core i5. Also, the fan is very loud when under load. 
Excellent machine this new 2019 MacBook Pro. Why buy the old 2018 (for almost the same price) if you can buy the latest 2019 with i9 processors. 
Great update.... Thermals are improved and so is the keyboard (at least for now).... Finger crossed, but loving this MacBook Pro 
Apple rep boosted product too much - i have the quad core version with touchbar - compared side by side - rendering in AE, Premier, and PS the quad outperformed this Mac - Apple rep at the store in McAllen couldn’t believe that the older Mac outperformed this product that had a huge price tag. 
This was my first Apple computer purchase. The folks at Best Buy were extremely helpful and knowledgeable. I am very happy with my purchase. 
Very user friendly, convenient not as much as high end computers android base. It is very expensive even having less features, 
I bought this computer for my art classes. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT. It runs well with all programs we use. 
Great computer with a super fast processor. Decent battery life and a great display. Would recommend for any college student 
I put parallels and running windows 10 at the same time with 4 screen. At first I did not like it only have usb-c but now I love it hoping more apple will have it now. 
I shop for openbox deals. This one was last year's model, open box. No issues and saved a ton of money and didn't have to switch insurance companies. 
I love the Macbook ProThe only issue is the new keyboard.The old scissors keyboard without Touch Bar would be great! 
like new functionality and better quickness on new Mac . but it keeps running out of memory, needs larger ram 
Perfect for editing pictures! The reason I got the laptop. I love how flawless photoshop and Lightroom work on it. 
Product has performed fine however very disappointed that laptop was left on porch not requiring signature for delivery. I will never have product shipped to my home again 
bought another computer with same specs, but at a more reasonable price. Apple really takes advantage of the vulnerable. 
Great laptop. Control bar is actually a useful feature. Fast performance and excellent display. 
Technician was awesome. Pointed us in the right direction for what we needed. Provided good honest feedback 
I’m a big fan of Apple products. MacBook Pro is one of their best product. This is my 3 MacBook Pro even since high school. 
Excellent computer with an amazing battery life. Very fast for multitasking. 
It's expensive but does exactly what I expect and was an open box buy with zero scratches so got a bit off the bill. Syncs as I would expect to my other apple products. 
Nice memory. Speed better than my last laptop. Thanks. 
Great laptop . Amazing performance build to last The keyboard . The screen resolution everything about this laptop is awesome 
Have not had any problems. Overall evything is in good working order. Very well pleased. I would recommend bestbuy to all of my friends. 
Been an HP/ Microsoft family our entire life, but son really wanted a Mac laptop (as he prepared to go off to college). He absolutely loves it! 
This is a great computer for our senior in high school. She can also use this for her college classes that she also takes. 
I love my new Mac. Pro Very fast performance running Photoshop. I'm more than happy to ensure I get the best product I can. 
It’s great, hardly overheats like my last computer. I can use photoshop, dreamweaver etc without worrying about my computer overheating. 
Absolutely love this Mac. It was my first Mac after coming from a PC and so glad I did. Great battery life, speed and SSD. 
I love this machine. It is perfect for what I need in all my production and post production needs. Fast and stable and works great. 
Had a 13” macbook pro from 2012 that I’ve been using and just upgraded to this. Much quicker and lightweight. Definitely happy with my purchase 
Everything I hoped it would be. No regrets. Fast and reliable. No issues with the keyboard. 
Best laptop that I've ever owned! Not being a MAC user previously did present some usage challenges, but I'm adapting quickly. 
My MacBook helps me get the job done! It’s great for college students and also great for business people! Absolutely love my MacBook Pro! 
Very fast when editing films. The performance of the screen is impressive as well. Very good price comparing to the 16 products. 
This is by far the best purchase i have made in a long time. Love this macbook and how fast it runs. It's just a couple of hundred dollars too pricey. 
Great laptop for someone looking for a powerful Adobe setup. Runs great and plays well with other Apple products. 
I got this to replace my old one, I really enjoy all the feature and extra ports. Love how big the size is, much better than my wife’s Mac book air. 
Love the Apple MacBook. Always can rely on Mac for quality. Was able to quickly set up and start using immediately. 
Proud to be an Apple user. IOS is ultimate. Retina display, butterfly keyboard all is great. 
We did not realize that a hub would be required for HDMI, legacy USB, and other options. We do like the fingerprint login and the Touchbar. 
Great build quality,Awesome device for devs, docker, terminal, ssh, git............. all works greatMultydesktop support - a great feature 
Loving my new and first apple computer in a MacBook Pro!!! I will put it to the test seriously in the next few weeks as I use for heave duty projects in music and visual art. 
I can’t be any happier with my purchase. The Mac is fast, easy to navigate and has the latest on cpu technology in the market. Didn’t disappoint 
I love my new MacBook. I had an older MacBook Air before and this is a great upgrade, recommend to anyone who wants a laptop that will perform good! 
Machine startup is very fast, overall performance is also fast. The features and included software are excellent. 
Love my new MacBook Pro, works great, very fast and powerful laptop. Received a good advice from Salesrep. Th 
Tactile keyboard, advanced touch bar, rapid program response and great graphics make this a great product for work and hobbies such as photography. 
I am incredibly pleased with this purchase. I switched from Windows to Mac and the switch was not difficult. 
This device is so fast and stable system. Also, when I made and edit Video films, the various functions are useful. 
Best computer on the market and best prices. Delivered the computer surprisingly 3 days early - very exciting to use the machine earlier than expected 
The intuitive operations of the key pad are amazing and the fingerprint id is the best thing going! Absolutely love my new MAC 
Purchased a used one and it works flawlessly. I am not an apple fan but this laptop made me a fan. Great job Apple! 
I got this laptop because I was traveling and I need to be able to Conduct business while I was away. The laptop mirrored my home computer so I was able to access all my files 
I bought this computer solely for my music and it was a smart investment for me And I bought it at a great deal.It serves its purpose for my doing needs!! 
My old MacBook Pro lasted for about 10 years, finally had to get another one. This one met all my needs, super fast and I'm loving the Touch ID. 
This MacBook works so good for streaming usually I wouldn’t use a Mac but with one can handle a lot and is extremely fast. Definitely worth the purchase 
My daughter needed for college. We could have gone with a cheaper model, but I am hoping this lasts at least her college career. 
MacBook Pro is awesome. It’s super fast and has so many cool features. Almost every time I’m on it i’m find Something new it can do. 
Awesome computer. Should last for years to come! My only annoyance is how expensive it is to have a larger hard drive 
I love reviews I like honest reviews mine is simple Apple is the best bottom line this Mac is out of this world that simple use your cash wisely that’s all I am saying 
All good. Bought as a Gift. Exceptional value.Works like a charm. 
I have enjoyed learning how to use the new Mac Pro. Being a previous windows user I have made the adjustment without any significant issue 
Love this computer. I am a Graphic Designer and it handles many of the Adobe apps open at once. Worth the money! 
Awesome. Simply can use it for all my tasks. I mainly got it for editing but other than that it's really good. 
I love this MacBook Pro. It works wonderfully and is super fast. Highly recommend this for anyone. 
The product is great but hang occasionally of which i have to force shutdown by holding the power button down and restart before it continues to work (I think AMD do this very well). 
It doesn’t work. Brand new right out of the box and it doesn’t work. Tried to charge it in every port checked cables it just doesn’t work. 
Issue with transition from windows to Mac. Having some difficulty with view changes as I have used Windows for eons. 
The laptop is vey easy to use. It runs programs really fast. The time that it takes for the computer to load is very good. 
The latest in Mac/Apple tech with fast processing and clear visuals. This unit is slim and light for a machine with a 15.4 inch screen. 
Love the Macbook Pro i9 it runs smoothly. I have no issues. Love the quality of the pictures and videos I upload. 
I'll likely never use all of the MacBook's features, but the speed and freedom from Internet viruses, etc., will be worth every penny! 
Great product with smart features With magic bar. This is my 2nd MacBook Pro and I am loving it 
I can bring in and process two instruments at once for live audio without any audible latency. 8 cores and DDR4 ram are making my life easier. 
Everything was as described, it shipped in lightening fast speed and was in beautiful shape. Great service! 
What can I say, My last one lasted nine years without a problem. I used it almost every day. I love all the new features so far. 
excellent computer for college student, especially since the high school they graduated from was using Apple computers and tablets. 
This Mac is perfect for a college student. I myself love the Touch Bar. I feel the Mac OS is more stable than windows. 
Bought for my son's graduation gift. Great help and they went out of their way to help us. So far the MacBook is exactly what he needs 
The Apple-MacBook does everything we were hoping for in a laptop. It is working great for our office needs! 
Great computer! I love all the new features, such as the fingerprint for the password and the tool bar ease. 
Best for college kid, apple is a must have to go to class. Perfect size, very fast. 
The graphics of the computer was really outstanding. I like that there is Siri and Touch ID for added security. 
I find the Apple products very easy to use. Because of this reason, I upgraded to a Mac Pro laptop and I am very pleased with the product. 
I love apple and I've always used a MacBook pro since college. The newest design is sleek, speedy, and lightweight. 
After a month computer not working properly can’t return it to the store still trying to use my manufactures warranty and my three-year AppleCare I’ve been calling Apple for assistance every week Next time I’ll buy a cheaper computer maybe at 13 inch or less gigabytes and I won’t be so upset 
I love all my Apple products. This laptop is fast and functional. Exactly what I would expect from any Apple device. 
Great upgrade in a Mac. New features that are useful. 
Extremely helpful in my everyday work use. I love the touch toolbar! Such a great feature! 
Brought this laptop for my daughter who is studying photography. Very intuitive and easy to navigate. 
The turquoise color matched the phone case perfectly. It worked well to charge my iPhone...no problems at all. 
Fantastic! Fast and reliable. Waiting for the new 16”. 
You can add apps to this tv. It comes with apps already loaded. Very easy to install and use. 
Apple does it again. Awesome laptop,lighting fast. Touch bar is amazing. 
Great device and love blazing fast speed it’s like fly space shuttle so quiet great powerful graphic and i9 processor is amazing 
I love my new Apple MacBook Pro! I highly recommend the computer to all! Very easy to use! 
This computer is really fast and the pictures are great. The touch pad really saves a bunch of time logging in. 
I bought it for college. It's one of the best purchase I have ever made :). Quite expensive though :(. 
For sure it`s not a cheap laptop, but if you are looking for fantastic performance and a great look with less weight as possible it is the mach. 
My daughter loves her MacBook Pro. Has not had any issues with it at all. Performs as expected. 
Great Product! Very happy with it! Quality item. Would buy again. 
The fastest and lightest laptop I've ever owned. I just hope it stays the same for years to come like everyone tells me apples do. 
Amazing power, very sleek and still light weightLove the features , aluminum body and grey colorExpensive but worth every penny 
Upgraded from my 2011 MacBook Pro retina which I got a solid eight years out of hoping to get another eight out of this model ! 
This purchase was to replace a 7-year-old MacBook. So, in our experience, the product really outlasts the competition. 
Not much more you can ask for in a laptop. The retina display is beautiful and the battery lasts forever. 
Great purchase. Love the power machine. Quite happy with the performance. 
This Mac Book is so much faster and more efficient than our existing 7 year old Mac. It is easier to use and has more memory as well. 
This is the best Macbook I have had yet! Extremely fast. I love the touchbar with touch ID 
Simple to use and performance is very good.Would recommend as portable laptop. 
Quality and performance are great. Would be better if apple reduced the price in the 32GB Model. 
It’s great if your using Mac software like final cut and Logic Pro if using adobe drags it way down cons to expensive pros good for 4K editing 
Very good. Super fast. The screen has the best colors. Just wow. 
I absolutely love my Mac! I enjoy the bigger screen. Easy to use and very durable. 
Such a nice, powerful, fast and reliable laptop. Very proud of apple products 
Apple makes superior products. And B&H gives superior value. A winning combo! 
Been running data visualisations on it and it hasn’t missed a beat. Stunning machine. 
Enough power to handle multiple programs at once. would definitely recommend it to any designer or programer. 
The smile and tear was worth it all. This Mac will meet needs beyond expected. 
Reliable workhorse that has great battery life. Perfect for the college life. 
Birthday gift for my hubby and he absolutely loves it! Great price and can’t beat Apple’s products! 
My old MacBook Pro died! Geek Team was great in getting me hooked up with a new machine and tools to get back to working with a laptop. 
great laptop but not happy i didn't get points from bestbuy i had figured that into the value so disappointed it was excluded and not very well identified that it was. 
Awesome computer, great price! Got it in two days! You can not go wrong buying any apple products. 
Apple - MacBook Pro 15.4" Display with Touch Bar - Intel Core i9 - 16GB Memory - AMD Radeon Pro 560X - 512GB SSD - Space Gray 
I am still learning how to use the new notebook. I plan to schedule some training sessions in store with the Geek Squad. 
So happy with this purchase! It works great! I am enjoying touch pad. 
No issues. Great product. Easy to migrate files from old computer to this new one. 
Like the display and feel of this computer. It's a great size and so far seems to be great! 
Light weight, high performance with excellent new features installed. An excellent buy. 
I ordered a Apple MacBook Pro from these as they was the lowest price I could find, and what I got was fantastic.Built and delivered in no time at all. 
This "open box" MacBook looked and works like new! It was very easy to set up and use without help needed (and I am not so tech savvy). 
Liking the design of the Mac Book. I do have the 13" also and they both look and work great 
Excellent product. No glitches. Great graphics and sound. 
Apple did a great job and apparently listened to many its customers complains - as a result, we have good product with lots of useful improvements 
I am extremely happy with my new MacBook Pro. It is by far the nicest laptop I have ever purchased. 
I’ve wanted to get away from my PC for a long time. It took forever to boot up. With my MacBook, I’m on in less that 1 minute. 
I bought this for my son who is finishing his teaching credential to become a teacher. He loves it. 
I opened this and it was ready to go right out of the box. made my old dinosaur Sony Viao wonder what happened! 
it's pricey but it's a workhorse when it comes to using Creative Cloud and multitasking in between programs. 
It is like night and day. It is noticeably faster. The battery lasts twice as long. 
Great for editing pictures and videos. Handles any task with ease. Love it! 
great Apple - MacBook Pro 15.4" Display with Touch Bar - Intel Core i9 - 16GB Memory - AMD Radeon Pro 560X - 512GB SSD - Silver 
