After being a long time PC user for 3D animation work, I thought I'd get a MacBook for development work. Since I was starting fresh, I wasn't too concerned with some of the voiced concerns of Catalina not supporting 32bit applications (apart from development software, other major software was Adobe CC and MS Office). Although I did find my monitor calibration system (for critical photography) wasn't going to be upgraded to 64bit: so I upgraded it to a new unit (that also supports HDR, so I can use it with my OLED). I am impressed with the overall ergonomics of this generation Mac, and while it would be nice to have a touchscreen, the touchbar is useful (only Lightroom doesn't have touchbar functions, but I found a preset with Better Touch Tool). I was also looking forward to trying the free 1 year trial of TV+. When I first ran updates, my system was updated to 10.15. I was able to sign in to all apps (including the 3 new entertainment ones that used to be iTunes). When my software was upgraded to 10.15.1 (right before I could try enabling the 1 free year trial with TV+), I found I couldn't sign in to Apple TV, Music, or Podcast. The main support agent I worked with said that she could find other incidents but that there wasn't a resolution yet. I thought I might have to wait for another software update, but luckily found a suggestion on how to log out and kill iCloud. After restarting, I could sign into the apps and then sign back into iCloud. Viola! works now. So there's that bug (from new software feature). I've also noticed that if I try to airplay TV to an Apple TV device will just quit the application unexpectedly. If I want to share my library or TV+ with others, I do find I can airplay 4K Dolby Vision and Atmos using an iPad Pro 12.9 I've just gotten. Sidecar seems to work well for being able to use graphics apps with Apple pencil, though I can't calibrate the iPad while mirrored (my calibration program also quits unexpectedly. Perhaps that's another iOS 13/ OS 10.15 bug to be resolved. Anyway, some potential software issues are what's giving this a 4 star review. As I said, I like the hardware: the i9 processor does offer significantly faster render times with videos compared to my Lenovo, and the fans aren't as loud. My Lenovo might have fans going when even doing web surfing, but my Mac stays silent except really heavy loads. Less
I needed to retire my trusty Early 2009 MacPro because it could not be updated with the latest OSx versions. I decided to go with this MacBook Pro based on its promise of a significant improvement in performance over the old MacPro.In the process of transferring a lot of Apps and loading new ones I found that it was getting very hot, particularly the area between the top row of keys and base of the lcd. In fact, it was uneven comfortable to the touch.Now that I've been using it in regular duty (photo editing), it still often exhibits this overheating whenever large files are being transferred to and from an external SSD or when it's doing complex computations. As to performance, yes it's pretty good but I don't see the night and day difference with the old MacPro I was hoping for.Battery life is another disappointment. This laptop might run for several hours on its battery if it's not working hard (checking emails, social media, etc) but I've been alarmed at how fast the battery dies when I do photo editing.I probably would have tried to return it if I hadn't invested so much time and effort configuring it but now I'm pretty well committed so I'll just have to see if it will be reliable in the long term. Heat tends to be the enemy of reliability when it comes to electronics.I must say the lcd is outstanding with its high resolution and colors. The Touch Bar is taking some getting used to but it's very nice being able to log in with a touch of the finger.I've only been running this for about a month now so it's still early but I'm reluctant to recommend this product to anyone doing heavy computations or having to deal with large image or video files. The horsepower is there but the long term reliability might not be. Less
I replaced my 13in MacBook Pro (mid 2017 no touch bar) with this 15 (Mid 2019) MacBook Pro last month. So far I'm very pleased with overall performance and features of this laptop.ProVery fast performance running Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign & SuiteCase with lots of fonts loaded simultaneously.Sound from speaker is very loud and clearTouch Bar is very responsiveVery quietLight weight compare to other 15in high-end laptopsConVery expensive - This is very well made machine but there are cheaper alternative on PC side. I used XPS 15in with 4K screen and it was just as powerful as MacBook Pro if not more due to its capability for hardware upgrade which MacBook Pro has none. If you were to purchase this MacBook Pro without any discount $2500 can easily jump well over 3k after tax & AppleCare.Touch bar - this could be just me but I miss physical ESC key. The placement of ESC key on touch bar is very sensitive and i'm constantly hitting it by accident while working. Also it's true that you can customize the touch bar button layouts but it still lacks photoshop & illustrator functions only very basic options are available at the moment. Hopefully more deeper options will be available in future.ConclusionThis is very fast machine but is it worth the price? I admit this was more of 'WANT' not 'NEED'...I only pulled the trigger because of $500 off promotion with no tax and free shipping. It saved me over $800 and I wanted larger screen with better performance than 13in MacBook Pro for what I do. Also brand loyalty had big play when i made the decision... I was actually looking at Surface Pro option as well but I've been using Apple computers over 20 years (PowerMac G3). I guess you have to decide your 'need' vs 'want'. Less
Apple redesign of macbook pro line from 2016 has been plagued from the different issues. As, the company made some changes over those years, they finally have the refined product that is improved on different fronts.Let's start with the keyboard. The keys are the same mechanism but they are little quieter than previous version. It is still my least favorite keyboard but change in materials might mitigate some key failures. Apple keyboard replacement program is there for 4 years to take care for any keyboard issues.The laptop is runs little cooler than the 2018 i9 version. It can sustain the base clock speed all the way when pushed hard. The turbo boost is there but the advertises 5ghz turbo boost is from intel marketing not apple's one. So, the laptop would never reach 5ghz on all cores. Apple definitely did some thermal paste and undervolting magic to take care of thermal issues for this 2019 version.Overall, I think the 2019 version of macbook pro is the best in this design cycle. Apple took care of the some of the complains the people had regarding the previous iterations. The screen is same gorgeous one, battery life for causal use is around 7 to 8 hours and laptop does run cooler than the 2018's one. If you want to get a new Macbook this is the one. Just buy that applecare, as apple has virtually made impossible for third party to repair this machine. Less
There is no such a thing as a perfect laptop. No matter how much money you have ready to spend, you can't get the *perfect* laptop. Let me explain: nowadays, companies are competing for the thinnest, yet most powerful laptop you can get. If your laptop browsing brought you to this Macbook model and this review, you probably already know that.I am a Windows user who has never owned a single Apple product before. I own a Samsung phone, Samsung Watch, custom desktop, Google Home... nowhere am I in the Apple ecosystem. But what's pained me about Windows laptops is there has not been a consistent manufacturer out there. What scared me from the Dell XPS 15 was it's reliability issues - people were reporting bad speakers, dying screens, etc. I actually returned this Macbook for a Razer Blade 15 for a solid day, but the USB ports were not properly aligned with the frame, meaning I had to jam them in.This isn't to say Apple isn't innocent either. So far no keyboard issues, but we'll see how that turns out for me down the line. So then, why did I jump into this machine? The i9 processor is killer. While it is thermally constrained in this laptop, the 8 cores gives my Premiere rendering a huge boost. The screen is simply unrivaled for me. I like a GLOSSY panel, not a dull matte one which a lot of other laptops use. It not being 4K is actually a plus, as battery life is quite reasonable. I'm also sick of a 16:9 screen in a laptop, the more square screen on this Macbook gives me more vertical room to work. And I don't see this mentioned as a big deal enough - I LOVE the charger. The brick seems tiny compared to other monstrous chargers, and it's over USB C, meaning it's simple to plug in and non-proprietary. Not to mention the included cable is LONG.Some of the things people mention as cons are actually pretty cool benefits. Yes, this laptop being thin makes it harder to cool, but it also makes it so much more pleasant to put in a bag and carry around. The IO is all USB C, but they're all Thunderbolt 3, meaning the speed is simply unparalleled on all of them - external SSDs simply go flying on this thing. Not to mention the ability to dock the laptop with an external monitor, or in my plans an eGPU.Well what's bad about it? A ton of things. As mentioned, reliability is in question for the long term. This laptop gets quite hot, so it isn't too pleasant to do demanding tasks while the system is on your lap. The GPU falls behind competitor laptops, the touchbar is just kinda weird(?). There's not as much compatability with MacOS (but Bootcamp can fix a ton of that), the keyboard travel is a bit shallow and that combined with the sharp edges makes my hands hurt a bit when typing on a table that's a bit too high. I can't upgrade this machine down the road (everything is non-upgradable), and did I mention this thing is EXPENSIVE.BUT.I've come to accept all of this. My tradeoff is for a trustable machine to perform video tasks, photo editing, and work. I've come to accept these trade offs for a machine that's thin and powerful while having an intangible quality that simply doesn't exist in other machines. It's battery lasts long, and it has a small charger I can easily tote with me. Don't come here for gaming, don't come here for the best value on the market. Come here for a machine you need to get work done fast and fluid above all else. That's what I needed, and those other laptops have too many tradeoffs in trying to achieve everything. Less
I previously won a 2013 MacBook Air and used it for the last 7 years. That was my first Mac. It worked great that entire time. Recently my needs changed and the new software I needed to use was simply too much for the old Core i3 and 2GB of RAM. I bought this as a snap purchase and was concerned whether it would be worth the money and whether I was getting a decent deal. I couldn’t be happier with my purchase. This MacBook Pro glides through work and multitasks without missing a beat. Even my work laptop, which is decently spec’ed, sputters and has significant load times etc. doing the same work. I also like the fact I can do video and photo editing without having to constantly wait for things to process while watching the spin. It even plays a lot of current games. The thing that stuck me about my previous Air was that, despite being the literal base model, it has still lasted nearly a decade and I expect my son to get several more years out it. Being that this is a higher end model I’m hoping to use this model for all of this decade and then some - or until Apple stops supporting it. :/ If you can afford the upfront cost you won’t be disappointed and the long-term ownership costs are on par with a windows PC if you factor in that you’d likely need 2-3 PCs over the same lifespan of this Mac. Less
I love bestbuy and never had a problem with any products until now. My family and myself do majority of my shopping here. This past weekend I made the decision to buy an open box geek squad certified MacBook Pro 15, I was ensured by the employees nothing was wrong with it and that they run tests before putting it on the floor. The box was pretty much brand new like it was literally brought and return right away. Unfortunately this past Wednesday I go to use it for the first time ever and I realized it was acting odd and I could not use the touchbar at all. The next day (yesterday) I go straight back to best buy geek squad and they could not figure it what was wrong with it after they ran diagnostic like they did before putting it back on the floor. This is been my worst experiences here and I'm so upset because I truly wanted this labtop and the price was amazing. After going through this experiences I can surely say do not ever want to buy an open box item again even if it is certified and do not recommend to anyone. Also, I was advise I could not do an even exchange (apparently they did not have it in stock even though the website claims it does)I would have to return it and buy a new one at full price which is truly ridiculous. OR have apple try to fix it (also ridiculous since I literally just brought this item) I wish the company would see how much of an inconveniences this is and would honor the price and just do an exchange. I never had an issue with BestBuy in the past but this has defiantly left my family and I with a bad taste in our mouth. Less
Having owned many MacBooks over the years, this one compares favorably to those. The lack of any ports besides USB-c and Headphone jack were a bit worrisome at first. I did a universal adapter that Best Buy had that does HDMI, SD card, USB etc so when needed I could plug those things in, but so far the month I have owned the machine, I have not needed it. I will sometimes, but not a huge deal.The machine is fast, well built, sleek and everything I expect from Apple. I have my old machines that still work well, other than technology changing over time, so I know that the expense evens out over time. I can easily get 10 years from a machine when taken care of and put in a sleeve or case when taking it out.I like the apple ecosystem because from photography to email, to music, apple makes the programs, and they just work well together. things sync well with the phone, iPad, iPod etc.I also own PC's that are getting better over time, but in my humble opinion, not quite as easy to use, integrated or sleek as the apple products.I don't love the price tags until I am 5+ years into owning a machine, then it really makes sense since I have lots of life left and am not even considering replacing it. During that time I have had seamless integration and just enjoyed the product. I feel like I got what I paid for. Only you can decide. Less
My previous 15" MacBook Pro is still going strong after more than 5 years, but it began to show its age, slowing down on some applications and showing short battery charge. So I decided to buy the current version of the same computer that has served me so well. The new MacBook Pro has the much-maligned touchbar, but I find it quite useful. The keyboard also has been much criticized and debated. I don't like it as much as they keyboard on my 2014 machine, but I'm not joining the chorus of critics. It works just fine and I love the smooth, hi-end look of the entire work area. The touchpad is brilliant, I love its size and responsiveness. The Intel Core i9 is super fast for all my uses, including the Adobe Creative Cloud applications. The Retina display needs no praise from me. It is stunning. This is an amazing computer. It is my workhorse machine, and it does everything I need. The speakers are superb, and the Bluetooth is version 5.0, though I have no Bluetooth devices that use 5.0. I'm not impressed with battery life, but I don't often use it unplugged. Less
First I would like to say that this is an amazing computer. If you are in the market for a new MacBook Pro do not hesitate on purchasing this new machine. I upgraded from a 5,4 MacBook Pro mid 2009. I had read about the keyboard issues with previous models & heard about the rumored 16" MacBook Pro. But I think that 10 years for a machine is long enough. I pulled the trigger and bought this machine. Keyboard is different from my old machine & for the better. I actually type faster on this machine. I was in the crowd that complained about Touch Bar, my only interaction with it was from other peoples machines. Now that I actually own the machine I can say it really is a benefit. I find myself using it more each day. Last but not least is the 8 core processor, my old machine was due core. I can say coming from that 10 year old machine to this is incredible. This machine is really fast, You won't be disappointed! Glad I upgraded when I did, plus I got it for ($) of with the code from AppleInsider.When I purchased the computer from Adorama they did not have it in stock but said new machines were on their way to the store in a couple of days. 2 hours later I got an email that they were going to drop ship it to me from the factory. Love the communication from the company, and the fast service they provided. Would definitely recommended them, and will check here first for my next purchase. Less
This is for my employment. I use an iMac for photo/video editing, needed something more powerful for when I am mobile - iPad is great but can't really do Adobe Acrobat things, etc.I chose this MacBook Pro as it's specs are pretty close to the iMac I use with Adobe Creative Cloud apps. I store almost all of my media/documents on an external drive or cloud, so managing the 512GB storage is not a big concern.I'm very happy with Apple products and have good experience with them. The features on this are really nice, and I think the Touch Bar is really great. Set up was simple.Performance has been just what I expected.One con: I'm pretty familiar with Apple products but I really did not pay attention regarding the thunderbolt port access and was stupidly surprised when I discovered I didn't have an adapter. Sure, there are four of them ... if you have an adapter.An Apple adapter is about $60 as of this writing. I chose a product from Amazon which was an 11-in-1 adapter (memory card, multiple USB, HDMI, etc.) for about $59 - it works perfectly.I am very pleased with the purchase and would definitely recommend this. Less
I purchased this laptop to get the latest greatest Apple power house. Unfortunately Apple appears to have reached the CPU power limit of what the current form factor can handle. The 2019 model was only marginally faster for everyday tasks and much hotter and louder. The fans seemed to be running at all times even with the simplest of browser tasks. I never even got to exporting videos or other demanding tasks but I imagine things just get worse from there. I ended up returning the unit and wait for the next redesign from Apple. I have to say it's really frustrating how slow the laptop development cycle has been. Also, a per peeve of mine is that ridiculously large and inconvenient power supply that Apple keeps insisting on using, It's bulky, useless and hard to plug in anywhere. And the cord they include is larger than my vacuum cleaner. Really??? So get back to the drawing board Apple and start innovating again!! I think I am going buy a Mac mini instead. Less
This is my first Mac computer. It was difficult to take the plunge because Macs are so expensive compared to PCs, however I think it is worth paying extra.The computer FEELS well made. After setting it up, it recognizes you by biotech (fingerprint) or your Apple Watch. I like how my Apple gadgets work together and function as backups.The retinal display is big, bright, and immersive. I have found the functionality and integration of the hardware and software to be easy to maneuver and I love the way the keys feel when typing; again solid.The only possible drawback is that it has no USB ports, only USB-C. I think that is their way of pushing the user to step up to the newer technology of the C and/or use Cloud technology.I live and work in China and bought a Xiaomi TV. I was pleasantly surprised that the computer wirelessly integrated with it through my WiFi network and Apple Air. My work PC had to use HDMI cables. Less
I upgraded from a Mid 2012 MACBOOK PRO, my concerns were the lack of the assorted ports and using a dongle or similar adapter. I have found this not to be an issue at all, I am using a wireless External hard drive and the cloud storage for other files more than ever before. The computer is excellent, fast and able to preform many tasks at once, I have been unable to see the dreaded spinning rainbow even after opening all apps at once to test the performance level. The battery life was disappointing until I Conditioned the battery as directed on an apple forum. I also use a 2017 similarly equipped model and this one is quite an improvement, I am seeing 8-10 hours depending on the tasks involved.One more thing, I purchased a 2018 15 MacBook pro, it had issues with heating up and the shift key seemed to be operation as a power button, after a morning with Apple support I was told to ship my new computer in for repair, i contacted the B & H support team and within a few minutes I had a return authorization and a new order for the 2019 model I have just reviewed, these guys are a step above any other electronics retailer I have experienced. This is why B & H is my go to photo and electronic supplier. Less
I had a Toshiba laptop from 2011, which I got at Best Buy for 150.00. so I decided to finally bite the bullet 8 years later and get the best of the best. So I threw away my abacus, looked at my sundial in the backyard and noticed best buy closed at 9. so I got into my car, drove to Best Buy, dug deep into the wholes in my wallet, which I found out I didn't have any money on me, but that didn't stop me. so I opened up a Best Buy credit card and did the no interest financing. Would I purchase this again? ABSOLUTELY. this thing is lightning fast, has 4 lightning connections as opposed to the two on the 13 inches, I had to squint on the 13 inch Mac in the store, so go big is the idea, and this computer has the speed, screen size and picture quality, the capability of multi-tasking faster than the human Brian can process, can talk to Siri when I get into a fight with my girlfriend , connect wireless devices with bluetooth so if you have AirPods or any bluetooth printer, etc...this thing will find it, hunt it down, and take full advantage of it with its i9 processor. hope this persuades you. Less
I've been a long time user and fan of the MacBook Pro. My first MacBook purchase was a 2009 model that only recently kicked the bucket late last year. So no question, the build quality on these machines is unmatched. I love the design and over all look and feel of the laptop, but I wonder, did Apple consider who might be using this machine when they built it? For me, using a powerful, mobile product for my video and motion graphics needs was a must, but now with Apple's slim line appearance there is apparently no room to fit in the things I typically would need to preform my job. I'm stuck with purchasing aftermarket peripherals that don't always work well and can become expensive and lots of cables/space needed to have these items. I see no reason why Apple can't include a much larger hard drive and a simple way to integrate file transfers from pc/Mac without having to go third party. Overall I'm happy with the product, I just feel there could have been more thought to the end user. Less
This MacBook Pro is ideal for those who need a powerful computer with tremendous reliability whether in Mac OS or Windows 10. If I ever have an issue, I know I can take to either of the Apple Stores nearby and I get taken care of. Apple have never let me down.My issues, if you can really call them that, is the non upgrade able SSD. IT IS ACTUALLY UPGRADEABLE! But no one makes the specific SHAPE M.2 drive and supposedly, the RAM is not upgradeable.The screen image quality is truly amazing. It’s very crisp and clear.It also has the best sound I’ve heard in any laptop. That’s generally always a weak point, but not here.There are only 4 USB C ports and you can charge this MacBook Pro through any port, however, if you don’t want to carry a ton of USB to USB C adapters or USBC to HDMI, they Hyper Drive Duo is a mustA word of warning, if you get the Incase Hard cover, you WILL NOT be able to use a Hyper Drive Solo or Duo as the case doesn’t let either device snap into the USB C ports as intended. Less
I purchased the MacBook Pro to use for photographs and slide shows, as well as, to use with my DJ music show. It is excellent for both purposes. I was a DJ at a wedding, and took photos the day before and the same day before the ceremony. I was able to upload the photos I took, and have a slide show during the reception and dance that included the rehearsal photos, and the before wedding photos from the same day. The MacBook has excellent sample slide shows with just a group of photos, and it basically creates a slide show for you. It is possible to have more detailed slide shows and Imovies also, but it works great for just a simple slide show to display the photos. The MacBook has excellent music features to work with my mixer and powered speakers. I am looking forward to a couple of other downloads of some other programs to use for Karaoke and the storage space and RAM will allow for some very nice features and additional downloads. Less
I enjoy the computer. The keyboard has a new feel that I was a bit caught off guard with, but I have gotten used to it pretty quickly. On the inside it's a creative workhorse. The display is nice, but looks the same as the 2013 model I replaced it with. I had to spend another couple hundred dollars on a thunderbolt hub which was annoying. The Touch Bar is surprisingly more useful than I thought it would be. The battery life is TERRIBLE to say the least. I switched to using exclusively safari for email because using chrome gave me about 2.5 hours of battery life. Operating safari only I was able to get about 5 hours of battery which is far from what is promised. All in all I'm happy as I can usually find a way to plug in, but would have loved the freedom from the outlet that was promised with this $2500 computer. Less
Gorgeous machine. Speakers are incredibly loud and clear. I really hate the OLED bar but you do get used to it and there is a setting to make it stay consistent all the time showing the volume and brightness controls but I accidentally push them all the time because they are virtual buttons and don’t require a press but just simply your finger rubbing on it. The keyboard is squishy with a weird sound to them (not a bad sound, just not satisfying) but you get used to it and it’s still one of the better keyboards in the industry. Display is gorgeous, you can’t not love it...it’s amazing. Trackpad is the king of laptops.I always recommend MacBooks, I just don’t see any other laptop on the market that is so refined and smooth. Apple makes laptops designed to last and this one is no different. Wonderful machine! Less
I still have my Windows laptop, but made up my mind to only use it for editing my photos with PhotoSuite. I bought this because I wanted to be safe online as much as possible. I have an iPhone and am happy with it, another laptop that I installed Ubuntu on years ago, but am only so proficient at. This has a great processor, and is kind of like both OS’s of the others, but with it’s own twist. Is easy to learn, and because it has Thunderbolt ports only, I needed to buy a hub. It works well, and am happy. I had to find out how to copy and paste, also some others, and is easy. I like the Retina color and dimension, the keys are fast to respond, you can regulate the touchpad, icons, as well as others. Is much lighter than my Toshiba Windows laptop, but I don’t believe that the battery lasts for 10 hours, I got more close to 8. I bought NordVPN in the App Store, and working great with it. I think it is rather expensive, but makes me happy in every way, and I recommend it highly. Less
It has been a while since I updated my computer, yet I am DELIGHTED that I have done so! I have been working on a friend's, but this one is so MUCH better! I am no longer jealous. I don't think I could have made a better choice. While I have owned Mac computers and taught people to use the same software on PCs, nothing stands up to the awesomeness of a Mac. And this one is awesome! The speakers are great! The keyboard is easy touch and has reflective action to know you have touched & made the touch communicate. (I have touched some PC laptops which feel like they have the cheapest keyboard & I felt like I was using a typewriter from the early 1900's. Sucked. BUT not this laptop.Lightweight, responsive, great speakers, ports which gives the flexibility to make it your own & personalized to your 'prefers'.What can I say? I love it!!! It's fantastic & I am happy I made this purchase! Less
You can do a lot of research into whether you need to upgrade to this Macbook Pro, and that is what I did. I had a 2011 Macbook Pro that I have used all through out school but now it was just not fast enough for me to use at work. I use adobe programs and it opens the programs in a blink of an eye. Yes the laptop gets a little hot when you are running a lot of things, but that doesn't bother me. It is much quieter than when my old macbook would overheat. The speakers are also great and can get super loud. The battery doesn't seem to last that long but when ever I am working I make sure to be by an outlet, so again, not a big deal to me. Overall I am happy with the purchase because I so desperately needed an upgrade. But from what I hear, if you've bought a macbook in the last several years, it is not that valuable to upgrade to this one. Less
I really like this laptop; I can run it with Apple's OS, which is my preferred mode because it makes best use of the battery, or I can run it with Windows 10 (dual-boot option). When I open the laptop up, I hold the "Option" key down to choose which OS I want to run (boots really quickly either way). I have two old programs that I need, but only work with Windows. Everything else I want is Apple. I use Duet software to hook up my Ipad and use it as an extra touch-screen (nice for using MathType). If I could give it 4.5 stars I would. It is very expensive and it ought to come with a slip-case and a thunderbolt-to-USB dongle; also, in Windows mode I need to use a Windows-style mouse for best results. But as far as the actual machine is concerned (apart from the pricy-ness) it is really nice (especially the great screen and the convenient status bar). Less
I do a lot of video editing it’s a good screen size for that and works well. I was looking for a bigger screen size as it seems to be an exclusive to Best Buy item, a cheaper version to the apple store 16 inch. It does have the same capabilities though so worth it. Since working at home and having to add live recording to the mix, it holds up well but not as powerful as I really need of course. I haven’t tried live-streaming only recording with it and for a few quick shoots holds up. But when I’m scheduled to do a bit more or returning live feed back to more than 2 people that’s where I slow down and my cpu maxes out. For editing this is perfect but streaming or mixing video, def go with something more or opt for a pc, because of limited stable mixing programs offered on Mac 
For most tasks, an epic machine. Very nice, superb screen, easy work flow, nice to use.Advertising was misleading, said for high resolution cameras and 10 hour battery life. In this regard, a fail. Not a lot of performance processing large image files and battery life barely 2 hours.For my primary purpose, mobile work with H6D, this model is very mediocre.Type C connection very slow (abour 5 seconds per image, to transfer via Apple type C cable direct to camera).Battery life poor (never exceeds 2 hours life while processing images).Image processing time better than 2017 iMac but I'd still consider it slow. 
I was a little hesitant to purchase because of the issues with the previous keyboards. The newest revision is much better than the older versions. I tried other Windows laptops and ended up retuning them due to poor performance and build quality. I use both platforms for various duties. I always end returning to Mac for my main computer needs. I like the smoothness and quality of the OS and how all products integrate. I do a lot of audio and video editing and I like that Apple allows you to just purchase the software and not have a subscription. Anyway this is great machine, I'm very happy with it! 
Overall, this is an excellent computer and I am happy with my purchase, that said, it is 2019, and Apple, it is time for MacBook Pro redesign. Others, such as Huawei, (which I did not buy for ethical reasons), give you more bang for your buck, and when it comes to weight, they give you less. Here is the good: fast processin, great screen, superb track pad (the best) , excellent sound, solid (built like a brick), reliable. Areas for improvement: too heavy, big bezels, which if shrunk would make for a smaller, lighter computer with the same size screen. I didn't like the butterfly keyboard at first, but after a week of typing, have come to quite like it (fast and consistent). I use it mostly for processing raw photos while traveling in Capture One, and for that purpose, it excels. 
Insanely fast and powerful. I push this thing quite hard with both audio and video recording/editing. Doesn’t even break a sweat. I was concerned about the dongle situation going in but after a couple minutes of researching what hub to get for my multiple drives, external monitor and other devices I was set. Note: it will push 4K @ 60hz but none of the multi-port hubs will go beyond 30hz. You’ll need to google usb-c hdmi adapter 4K to find one. Yes, that and one for the hub leaves you with 2 ports. Not bad at all. Unplug and you have a slick, clean and thin mobile power house. Oh and the Touch Bar is crazy useful. No idea what all the bad reviews were about. Nicely done. 
Apple gives you everything you expect from a Mac and more in the new 9th Gen i9 core processors. Graphics are better then some 4k branded TV's; running off the moderate Intel UHD Graphics 630 1536 MB. Images and videos play smooth and crystal clear. I ran rigorous task with all processes being maxed out in activity and still had not one hiccup or slow down with the powerful new MacBook Pro. I recommend getting the 512gb storage just to make sure you don't have to carry around a additional HD plus adaptor accessories for the usb-c to usb-a conversion. Beautifully designed with state of the art internals. Cant go wrong with the Mac'. 
I bought the model this one replaces a little over 2 weeks ago. Had no idea a new one was coming out so when I heard the announcement I exchanged it to this one. Did benchmark test using CineBench on the i9 processor and it ranked between the Xeon processors (see pic). I've also played around using Final Cut Pro and the processing speed is astounding. I also am glad Apple changed the keyboard to be less noisy and more reliable (Some keys didn't register correctly on the previous model)The only thing I do not like and could live without is the TouchBar. It takes a day or two to get used to, I had the problem of grabbing the laptop and pressing the ESC key unintentionally. Overall very happy and highly recommend to people who need the power and screen size. 
This laptop is excellent. From it’s blazing fast Core i9 Processor, to its dedicated 560X GPU, it’s able to handle almost any task thrown at it! I use this laptop everyday in college and it’s light weight and thin design makes it easy to travel from class to class. Also, it’s extremely fast processor and SSD storage allow me to access my work as fast as possible. In addition, it’s beautiful 15.6” Retina display makes it possible for me to clearly view all of my assignments at once. All in all, this is a great laptop for anyone to use. However, you will get the most value out of it if you are going to use it for video/photo editing, CAD design, or any other intense task. 
I have had my MacBook Pro for 4 months now and I still feel giddy when I lift up the screen and the Apple symbol appears. I bought one for my son in 2017 for college and he loves his. My old HP was 7 years old and took approx 5 mins to start up on a good day. So, I made that leap of faith and purchased my 15" Apple laptop. I really do love this machine! My son contacted Apple service one time because he got a suspicious email and they had him put Malware on his laptop and all was good with the world from then on. He wasn't sure if that was an AppleCare thing but the guy on the phone said he could call them with any questions and they would be glad to help, Learning curve for Mac v PC was minuscule and the machine has a pop up search for anything you want to learn about. It exceeded my expectations and I look forward to many years of giddy startups! Less
I haven't had it for too long, so I cannot vouch for certain issues such as keyboard durability.That being said, this is a fantastic device. The build quality is spot on, and while the keyboard takes some getting used to, I am able to reach my normal typing speeds with about the same keystroke errors as my mechanical keyboard. As for general performance, it's more than enough with handling some of the simpler games and assets that I use for Unity or Blender. MacOS itself is pretty robust, and does not require too much setup to get started outside of the initial startup. And it's all stored in an incredibly thin, and wonderfully built package. 
Apple gives new Mac buyers 60 days to buy AppleCare if they decide to do so after buying from authorized dealer, such as B&H. Yesterday, less than three weeks after purchasing a new MBP from B&H, I took the sealed unit (serial number on the sticker outside the sealed box) to my local Apple Store to purchase AppleCare and the agent stated that Apple records shows that my unit was purchased seven months earlier. It was a wasted trip. This week we will try to resolve this issue with Apple Support, but I am not happy about this development. I would sincerely appreciate an explanation and workaround for this from B&H and/or customers experiencing a similar problem. Other than that, I am generally pleased with the B&H operation. Thank you. 
This is my second MacBook Pro. My first one is nearly 8 years old. This MacBook is very fast and easy to use. One annoying thing though is when it is plugged in and on and idle it keeps beeping and saying the battery is at %100 percent. It seems like the beeps come every 15 minutes or so. I do like the larger 15.4 inch screen. Getting this one up to speed, all I had to do was to transfer my files to this hard drive then go to the App Store and download all my purchased apps. To me, it made everything much cleaner, only the apps I need and no clutter of updates. I'm not too crazy about the price. Even with the current back to school sales, it's still seems a little pricey. 
This is such a great laptop. The only thing I fear is the keyboard failing. I've pushed it to the limits with 4k video and it performs great. The screen is absolutely beautiful. The touchpad is huge, with is something you have to get used to while you're typing, and having almost no key travel is interesting - but depending on your keyboard preferences, it's fine. Nothing will never replace the iconic Chiclet keyboard. The touchbar is more useful than I thought it'd be, especially during typing in web browsers (auto complete!). The speakers are amazing. 
After upgrading from a 2013 macbook air, this thing is fast. This computer should easily last me 5 more years with as powerful as it is. The speed blew me away and I continue to enjoy the all day battery life. A bit expensive, but I know too well about paying the apple tax. The specs on this computer put its pricing in line with other windows competitors. I trust that after the 4th years since it's 2016 release, this model is likely very well sorted. Everyone keeps talking about waiting for the 2020 release or a redesign, but what people are not saying that is the 1st year of a new model--which I'd avoid anyways. 
Upgraded from a 4 yr old MacBook Air and what a difference in quality and speed. It’s a little pricey but was able to get one as an open boxed which saved me a bundle. Highly recommend for those who does a lot of photography and video editing. The touchbar saves a lot of time as it provides quick access buttons for ease of use for certain applications. Definitely love the 15” screen and the resolution is crystal clear. The speaker is much louder and clear. I had to get a separate docking station as a hub since it uses USB-C. Overall, I’m very pleased with the Pro and it’s worth every penny!! 
With a little learning curve I'm making the switch. Had some apps I needed support to continue - Linux didn't make it. There are Mac versions so everything is good.I have had a crash or two and a couple or three updates already which I guess I hadn't anticipated that type of frequency.I do miss having the number keypad. USB-C only interface is ahead of it's time but manageable.Normally on my lap on the couch - the heat vents to the rear and gets a touch warm especially if I'm in shorts.No upgrading hardware post purchase - I missed that before the sale. 
The new 2019 Apple MacBook Pro is excellent, very fast CPU, plentiful ram, does great for work, also has some moderate gaming capabilities with the Radeon 560x gaming GPU. Boot camp worked flawlessly with windows, and windows runs great on this platform. I’m not huge on the very low profile keys, however I typically use an external keyboard. Also kind of miss my USB A ports because there’s just a lot fewer USB C options out there, so I use an adapter, not a huge deal. Overall it’s fast, reliable, this is an excellent workhorse. 
I bought this Macbook as an early birthday present to myself. This is the first Macbook apple computer I have ever owned, and I love it. Its fast, smooth, and crisp. The screen blows my old HP laptop away and the speed of multitasking is insane with the i9 chip that it has in it. Also gaming seems to be okay with it, not the best but hey for an apple laptop, this is amazing. I highly recommend buying this one, or any apple MacBook for that matter. This one takes the cake in performance. 
Still trying to get used to using an Apple product. Boots in a few seconds. MUCH, MUCH, MUCH faster than Windows 10 (which I personally detest). Once I become familiar with the Mac Pro my rating will probably be five stars.I thought about switching to Apple for years as Microsoft kept putting out what I, and others, considered poorly thought out software.Glad I did. Joined my son and son-in-law who swear by Mac. Maybe Microsoft did me a favor by updating my Windows 7 to W 10. It irritated me enough to make me switch. 
This machine takes anything I throw at it from music production to app development without issue. It has no problem running process hungry tasks simultaneously. I notice it go to sleep at random but unsure why or if it’s something I may have accidentally triggered. The Touch Bar is no gimmick and I use it much more than envisioned. Installing to the latest OS, Catalina, took a few tries but that was also my experience with an Air model I had. I haven’t tried much gaming other than Runescape which seemed to run pretty fluid. 
This is my first Macbook. I love it. Easy to learn on. It was super expensive even as an open box. I bought the apple care protection. I read up on the I9 chip set and 8 cores and exchanged the unopened I7 I had just purchased. I only wish it had a larger hard drive but my only choice was to get a 13 inch as the I9 15 inch is super expensive for a 1TB drive. So I settled on the 512 GB and will have to use back up drives. I really needed the screen space and the programs that can run on a Macbook 15 inch. 
Had to buy a new computer because my 2012 Macbook was barely functional. The new Macbook is obviously better in terms of speed and image quality, and the volume can go much higher than on the old laptop. Haven't had any issues with the keyboard. The lack of ports is extremely, extremely inconvenient though. Can't connect a jump drive, can't connect to printers without wifi, can't connect an Ethernet cable, can't connect my dashcam, etc. I also would prefer to still have a built-in DVD/CD drive because the computer did a bad job transferring my iTunes library. 
This replaced my Mid 2008 MacBook Pro 13....I was a bit skeptical about going from the goto laptop with all the peripherals to a new unit without but omg...I simply love this thing and in usual fashion as the rest of my equipment, expect it will last until the OS goes end of life on me again and unable to upgrade any longer.For long time MAC users, there is a reason why we continue to by their stuff...and for the majority it's because we understand that we get what we expect even though it cost more usually.The stuff runs flawlessly, it's user friendly, it looks great, and the support of the equipment and software is world class.You can spend less for a windows machine no doubt...but then you get a windows machine and all the headaches that go with it. 
I have not bought a new MacBook since 2014 and so I was a little worried that the technology would have surpassed my brain size! Luckily, the Best Buy rep Hunter gave me a full tour of what had changed and gave me a tutorial on how to use the track pad with all it various swipes and I walked out confident! I love the task bar at the top of the keyboard. It keeps you from getting fingerprints all over your screen but let’s you have that same quick hands on experience that a touchscreen does. I would definitely recommend getting the AppleCare plan too for an investment that is going to change your life! 
I am happy with this machine, its probably my 5th or 6th Mac laptop in the last decade and its works as desired and it's a very well put together piece of kit.That said I really don't see any appreciable difference in this spec vs. the standard i7 6-core, and the render times won't blow you away. It also is routinely incredibly hot during non labor intensive activities, with a fairly lackluster battery life that see's me reaching for the charger every few hours even when just checking emails or writing documents.Its a beautiful machine, but I don't think that 8 core i9 is worth the price over the base spec. 
I love this laptop. The screen picture is very bright and clear. My granddaughters told me it would be too hard for me to use as it takes awhile as I am not a whiz on technology . However, I find it not so hard to use if someone shows me . I find the keyboard is very easy to type and easy to use. I had used windows for 20 years so I am still learning to use the Mac as I soon will be 80. I do wished a manual would have come with the laptop. Since i have only started using the Mac pro for a week, there is much more I have to learn before I can write a better review. 
Just got it yesterday. Haven’t had a MacBook since 2011. Fast and very easy to use, integrate and run tons of business services/programs at the same time. Starts up right away and handles multiple all my business programs with skipping a beat. Was getting very frustrated with Windows’ operating system. Compared it with the Surface Pro 2, and very glad I went with this instead. The current Best Buy $250 off right now made it the easy choice. And the new i9 processor is great. 
I had to upgrade my Apple because my new embroidery machine software would not work with my old Mac book. I love the bright color of the screen and the touch bar. I have a Dell and its ok, but my Mac book is my fave. I know it is a lot of money but when you look at the longevity of a Mac compared to a PC it is well worth it. I have an Iphone, Ipad Pro and Mac book pro, 2 actually. It is so easy to just have everything on the same system. I hate Windows 10 and I hate the constant updates. I feel it is money well spent and a good investment. 
This is a great machine for handling Photoshop and Lightroom each processing large number of files at the same time. The keyboard feels nice, and the speakers are amazing. The touch bar is okay, not that useful in my opinion. II haven't experienced much thermal throttling yet, it does heat up on peak load but quickly cools down too. It is reasonably quiet and has a gorgeous display. The biggest miss at this price range is the lack of an SD card slot but then that's Apple for you. 
I recently purchase this MacBook Pro on a sale at Best Buy. I needed a computer fast, solid and graphically significant for front end web design. This laptop delivers. I currently have this laptop decked out and runners by virtual machines for php coding, HTML, JavaScript, SCSS and running Studio applications. Even when running all apps I need for development there are no delays or slowing down of the system. Love this laptop and would recommend to any developer. 
Is use this for Final Cut Pro X since my 2008 Mac Pro does not support the updates anymore.It runs really hot for my lap when using the app. But it’s ok for browsing.The battery is not even close to the advertised 10 hrs. I’d probably get 6-7 hrs for normal internet browsing. Maybe 2 hrs on Final Cut Pro editing 1080p videos from Canon 5D(un-optimized)Have to get used to using a docking stations and usb dongles.I love the short-travel keyboard. 
I brought the MacBook Pro because I needed a 15.4 inches laptop with OS x and 512GB. Apple doesn't provide the option of Macbook air 15.4 inches for lower rates. It has a quality material body, thin, lightweight and introduces the touchpad and fingerprint to unlock. Apple products are normally more stable, efficient, good quality speakers, camera, etc and I am not having any issues. Its costly product, I will also recommend for apple care for accidental breaking. 
Had this computer for a couple months now, Purchased to replace an older mac I had that had just about overstayed its welcome as far as tech goes. Cant believe just how fast it is, performs all the stuff my old one struggled with, with ease. Very light and portable, keeps charge for all day use. Screen is really clear and portrays colors pretty true to life. I use it for video editing and photo editing and it has no struggles at all. Does 4k Videos with ease as well. 
While this design has come under some scrutiny, I have been using it since 2016 when it came out. I love how thin it is despite how powerful at the same time. This one, in particular, was interesting to me because of the i9, 8-core processor.I used this for abour two weeks and fell in love, although I gave it to someone else at my office so I could upgrade. I actually got the higher end (Vega graphics) for some of my more intensive uses, but this one gets the top grade from me for what it costs. 
Went from PC to this MacBook Pro primarily because I do photography and want the best display for images. The display on this MacBook Pro is clear, sharp and vibrant. My experience with the Mac has been positive so far despite the bit of learning curve switching from Windows to Mac. I have used an iPad and iPhone for years; so now I'm all Mac. Like other Apple products, this laptop is a very high quality product. 
2012 MacBook Pro with all my business on it crashed with no solution in sight. Needed this in a hurry, and B&H delivered it on a Saturday, the day after I ordered. It took me most of the weekend to get all my data migrated, but I was up and running on Monday. Lifesaver.The machine of course, is as advertised. Expensive, but it works. 2012 machine was laboring with Adobe applications that I have since removed and now looks like a good backup. It was time for a transition and this was about as painless as it could be. 
